PROJECT 10073 RECORD

2. LOCATION: COVINGTON, KENTUCKY (2 Witnesses)

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: 11 Jul 67 11/024102

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Not Reported

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: Not Reported

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Letter was not received until late May 68, at which time it was too late to investigate.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE

(Bottom of form notes: DD FORM 1420-3 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.)


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    25    5    67
    Day    Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The rest of the page is blank.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, Cause it got too far away to see.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
I moved behind,

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of. Stars

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound. NO
b. Color. Bright yellowish white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
NONE

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details at the object such as such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch showing an object moving from east to west with a small cloud-like shape]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Air Force UFO form continued                                                Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    no idea, but little fast

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    3 miles up

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other                sleeping out in back yard

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No

e. Binoculars    Yes    No
f. Telescope    Yes    No
g. Theodolite    Yes    No
h. Other:

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a big bomb - fire


- page 4 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO Report
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE OBJECT, THEN HOW MANY WERE THERE?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                   Page 6

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Place                                                            Syracuse

Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME                                                                 [redacted]
ADDRESS                                                              Akron, New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER   NONE           AGE   15         SEX   Boy

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I have studied a lot on UFOs.

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
4       July       67


- page 6 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 6 JULY 67

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Please write
Back To me
and Answer
my Form

Henderson 'N.Y.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE INFO ONLY                99 JULY 67

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much
information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.
Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you will
be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements,
conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so
that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
SUNDAY,
9th     JULY    '67

2. Time of day: 10:05 APPROX.
(Circle One)   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern
                           b. Central
                           c. Mountain
                           d. Pacific
                           e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Readley             Frenchtown
Nearest Postal Address             City or Town             State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                                   20 APPROX.
a. Certain             c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain      d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? MINUTES
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes        No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Starlit
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 64 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 8 -

ORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
   a. None
   b. A few
   c. Many
   d. Don't remember

   a. Bright moonlight
   b. Dull moonlight
   c. No moonlight
   d. Don't remember

   BY CALENDAR MOON WAS NEW MOON 7th, 1 SAW MOON

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
   CLOUDS (Circle One):
   a. Clear sky
   b. Hazy
   c. Scattered clouds
   d. Thick or heavy clouds

   WEATHER (Circle One):
   a. Dry
   b. Fog, mist, or light rain
   c. Moderate or heavy rain
   d. Snow
   e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared (Circle One):
    a. Solid
    b. Transparent
    c. Vapor

    d. As a light
    e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter
    b. Dimmer

    c. About the same
    d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
     a star of medium brightness

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

    e. Other: seemed to have spinning arms around it

13. Did the object:
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?
    b. Suddenly speed up or slow down?
    c. Break up into parts or explode?
    d. Give off smoke?
    e. Change brightness?
    f. Change shape?
    g. Flash or flicker?
    h. Disappear and reappear?

    (Circle One for each question)
    Yes   No   Don't know
    Yes   No   Don't know
    Yes   No   Don't know
    Yes   No   Don't know
    Yes   No   Don't know
    Yes   No   Don't know
    Yes   No   Don't know
    Yes   No   Don't know

    DIDN'T EXIST


- page 9 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Just a second before it disappeared, it disappeared for an instant, then it flew large and away from an angle from its course

15. Did the object move behind or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   NO   Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   NO   Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of...   different stars

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound...   none
b. Color...   white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
it was very small, so small I don't know. it looked like this: [small sketch] I don't know if it was imagination, but it seemed

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trail or vapor trail. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A small sketch of a circular object with an arrow]
no trails of any kind


- page 10 -

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

B <- DISAPPEAR FOR A SECOND AND THEN ZERO OFF TO THE NORTH APPEAR

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

JUST 1

I WISH YOU COULD LET ME KNOW OF THE SKY AT THE TIME.


- page 12 -

UFO INFORMATION RETRIEVAL CENTER, INC.
P.O. BOX 57, RIDERWOOD
MARYLAND 21136, USA

Project Blue Book
FTD (TETE) Box 9444
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio
45433


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the UFO form:

UFO form continued                                                Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Not positive. I saw a satellite which looked similar but moved much slower.

31. Was anyone with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
my father, but he said he looked away and then when I saw it flash away to the north he wasn't facing the main part of the sky looking but he saw

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: BEEDLEY 93634 CALIF.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]   AGE: 16   SEX: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
NOT MUCH SPECIAL EXPERIENCE. NOW I WISH I HAD TRIED TO SEE IT WITHOUT MY GLASSES, BUT I PROBABLY COULDN'T HAVE.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
9th   JULY   1967   MY DAD

[Bottom of form]: ANY KNOWN AIRCRAFT IN THAT SECTOR


- page 14 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9th JULY 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

WE HAD JUST LEFT MY GRANDPARENTS' HOUSE WITH MY FATHER AND HE AND I JUST LOOK'D UP AT THE STARS FOR A FEW MOMENTS, AND I NOTICED THAT SEVERAL STARS SEEMED TO HAVE YELLOWISH OR REDDISH COLORS, AND WE NOTICED WHAT WE THOUGHT TO BE A PLANET IN THE WESTERN SKY NEAR THE HORIZON, BUT AS I WANT TO THIS, PROBABLY 15 MIN - 1/2 HR. LATER, I CAN'T SEE THE PLANET. WE HAD JUST BEEN WATCHING TELEVISION FOR ABOUT 2 HOURS. SUDDENLY AS I WAS LOOKING HIGH IN THE SKY, QUITE VERTICAL I SAW SOMETHING MOVING THROUGH THE SKY AND I STILL REMEMBER THAT I GOT THE ILLUSION I WAS SPINNING, ALTHOUGH THIS MAY BE AN ILLUSION, SOMETHING ABOUT THE OBJECT I JUST CONJURED UP. HOWEVER THAT MAY BE, IT WAS WHITE, AS NEAR AS I REMEMBER, AND LOOKED APPROXIMATELY LIKE AN AVERAGE STAR. THAT IS TO SAY, IF IT HAD NOT BEEN MOVING, IT WOULD NOT HAVE NOTICED IT, BUT IT WAS DEFINITELY MOVING AND IT WAS GOING MUCH FASTER THAN AIRCRAFT AS HIGH AS THIS SEEMED TO BE, SO IT WAS EITHER

P.S. I TRIED TO RECREATE THE ANGLE IN THE SKY BY LOOKING UP, AND WAGGING MY HAND SLOWLY TO CATCH THE OF A FLASH REFLECTING IN MY GLASSES, AS A SUGGESTION OF A THING IN THE SAME PLACE ABOUT 1/2 MIN LATER, SO APPEARED, CONCLUDED IT WAS NOT A REFLECTION IN MY G-


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

Air Force UFO form continued

MUCH LOWER IN ALTITUDE THAN IT SEEMED
AT A VERY FIRST OBJECT, I DON'T LIKE
TO GIVE SPEED ESTIMATES BECAUSE I HAVE
NO WAY OF KNOWING HOW BIG IT ACTUALLY
WAS OR HOW FAR AWAY IT ACTUALLY WAS.
IT MIGHT HAVE BEEN AN AIRPLANE, BUT
USUALLY THEY HAVE NAVIGATION LIGHTS
AND THESE AT LEAST CIVILIAN PLANES
COME TO THINK OF IT. DON'T RECALL THE
LIGHTING ON MILITARY PLANES BUT I'D
IMAGINE, EXCEPT IN WARTIME PERHAPS
THEY'D BE THE SAME. WHEN I FIRST
SAW IT, I WAS ALMOST WILLING TO WRITE
IT OFF AS AN AIRPLANE OR A PIECE OF
JUNK (AN INTERMEDIATE ROCKET STAGE IN
ORBIT) BUT WHAT IT DID BEFORE IT DISAPPEARED
MADE ME WRITE THIS TO YOU. IT DISAPPEARED
E.G. I COULDN'T SEE IT THAN IT REAPPEARED
MUCH FASTER (SPEED COMPARABLE TOA METEOR
IN THE NORTH AND, IT SEEMED, IN A SLIGHTLY DOWNWARD
DIRECTION. IT WAS AN ABRUPT CHANGE OF COURSE
IN THE PART OF THE OBJECT AND THAT IS WHAT
MADE ME WRITE THIS. I HAVE NEVER SEEN AN
AIRPLANE, PROP. OR JET, I HAVE SUCH A SUDDEN
CHANGE OF DIRECTION OR SUCH ACCELERATION.

HOWEVER, I MUST QUALIFY THIS BY SAYING
I DO NOT HAVE BEEN THE SAME CIRCUMSTANCES IT MIGHT
NOT BE THE SAME WAY AND THEN SUDDENLY THE OBJECT I SAW
RETAIN A MEMORY OF THE FLASH, QUITE MOVING
AT THE END AND I STILL ONLY STATES A
I DEFINITELY SAW IT
SIGNED


- page 16 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN : 56043 (21 Jul 67) G/am                                                   Pg 1 of 4

ACTION: RDC-4
INFO : XOP-1, XOP-2, SAFOS-3, DIA-1    (12)                ADV CU DIA
SMB 826PTTU AW RCLMKA1989 242193W-UUUU-RUEDHQA.
ZNR UUUUU
P 211925Z

FM AFETR PATRICK AF B FLA
TO RUMPVA/AOC
RUCLFAA/823 A IR DIV HOMESTEAD AF B FLA
RUEDF IF/FTD WRIGHT PATTERSON AF B OHIO
RUEDHQA/C SAF
RUEDHQA/OSAF

By

UNCLAS ETC 24099 JUL 67.
FT O FOR TDETR, C SAF FOR AFRDC, OSAF FOR SAF-01. THIS
LF O MSG IN TWO PARTS. FOLLOWING IS QUOTED REPORT FROM
MR DAVID E. WALLER A CONTRACT OR EMPLOYEE AT GRAND
BAHAMA AAF: QUOTE ABOUT 9:15PM THE MONDAY NIGHT OF
JULY 10, 1967, I LEFT THE A.A.F. DOCK LOCATED ON GRAND
BAHAMA ISLAND AT GOLD ROCK CREE. I WAS GOING BACK
TOWARD THE A.A.F. BASE. AS I DROVE ALONG ABOUT 1/4
MILE FROM SAME DOCK, I CAME NEAR THE C.D. SITE, AS I
APPROACHED I SAW AN OBJECT ABOUT 30 FEET IN DIAMETER

AFHQ JAN 68 G-309C

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 17 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN : 56443

ABOUT TEN FEET BEHIND THE C.D. SITE. IT APPEARED TO BE
ABOUT 5 FEET ABOVE THE GROUND SNA STANDING STILL. THIS
PAGE 2 RUCLMKA1989 UNCLAS
OBJECT HAD A YELLOW, GREENISH HALO TYPE GLOW. SO I
TURNED INTO THE SITE AREA TO INVESTIGATE BUT WHEN I GOT
WITHIN AROUND 125 FEET OF OBJECT IT WENT STRAIGHT UP
FOR ABOUT 40 OR 50 FEET AND THEN HEADED STRAIGHT DOWN
THE SAND STRIP ROAD, WHICH IS AN ACCESS ROAD FOR A FEW
PEOPLE LIVING IN TRAILERS ON THE BEACH. I FOLLOWED THE
OBJECT IN MY CAR FOR A DISTANCE OF ABOUT ONE MILE AT A
SPEED OF ABOUT 60 MILES PER HOUR, RUN INTO DEEP SAND
SO STOPPED AND GOT OUT OF MY CAR AND WATCHED THIS
OBJECT DRIFT OUT OF SIGHT FOLLOWING ALONG THE COAST LINE
AT NO TIME DID I HEAR ANY NOISE OR SMELL ANY FUMES.
END QUOTE. PART II. IAW PARA 11, AFR 80-17 THE FOLLOW-
ING IS SUBMITTED: (1) CIRCULAR OR SOMEWHAT ELLIPTICAL.
(2) 30 FEET DIAMETER. (3) GREENISH-YELLOW HUE. (4)
N/A. (5) N/A. (6) HALO TYPE GLOW. (7) NONE. (8) NONE.
(9) OBJECT LEFT NO DISCERNABLE TRACKES OF ITS PRESENCE.
BC(1) LOCATION AND GLOW. (2) STANDING STILL - 5 FEET

AFHQ FORM
JAN 68 O-306C

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 18 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AP IN: 561413

ABOVE GROUND. (3) DISAPPEARED AT TREE LINE (NO ES ON
DISTANCE OF OBSERVER FROM TREES). (4) OBJECT WENT
STRAIGHT UP ABOUT 50 FEET TO CLEAR ANTENNAS AT COMMAND
PAGE 3 RULWA1989 UNCLAS
DESTRUCT (C.D) SITE. THEN DUE EAST DOWN SAND STRIP.
ANTENNA ARE ABOUT 40 FEET TALL. (5) PROCEED TO
EAST RAPIDLY. (6) SEVEN TO EIGHT MINUTES TOTAL. C.
(1) VISUAL. (2) EYES ONLY. (3) N/A. DC 13 JUL 11/8115Z
1967. (2) NIGHT. C. 280EG37 NORTH/780E G22 WEST. OBSERVER
WAS ON RAOD APPROXIMATELY 60 FEET FROM COMMAND/DESTRUCT
BUILDING. F. (1) [REDACTED] 54, P.O. BOX [REDACTED]
PATRICK AFB, FLA 32925 CATTN GRAND BAHAMA AAF). FIRST
COX, 11TH GRADE, VERY RELIABLE. (2) N/A. G. NO OBSERVER
REPORT ON WEATHER CONDITIONS, 6,000 FEET, 130 DEGREES,
7 KNOTS; 10,000 FEET, 180 DEGREES, 16 KNOTS; 16,000 FEET
160 DEGREES, 8 KNOTS; 20,000 FEET, 160 DEGREES, 16 KNOTS;
30,130 FEET, 110 DEGREES, 22 KNOTS; 50,000 FEET, 120 DEGREES,
15 KNOTS, 1900 FEET LOST, 2300 FEET SCATTERED (<.2CB) HIGH
THIN BRKN (.8 CI.), CUMULUS (NE MOVING NW). VISIBILITY
WAS 10 MILES, TEMPERATURE WAS 82.20E G. F. WIND WAS 130 DEGREES,

AFHO FORM
JAN 68 0-309C

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 19 -

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 56413

5 KNOTS, H. NONE KNOWN, I. NONE KNOWN, J. RADIOSONDE
RELEASED AT 10/2315Z, K. RANGE SAFETY OFFICER, MISSILE
OPS BRANCH, AFTER MAJOR KENNETH L. KAISLER, MAJOR KAISLER
FEELS THAT MR WALLERS REPORT IS RELIABLE. HIS INVESTIGA-
PAGE 4 RUCLMKA1989 UNCLAS
TIO: ELIMINATED SUCH OBVIOUS EXPLANATIONS AS NEARBY BOAT,
BONFIRE, OR AIRCRAFT. ALSO THERE IS NO SWAMP IN THE AREA.
NONE OF THE RADARS OR TELEMETRY EQUIPMENT AT GRAND BAHAMA
ISLAND WERE OPERATING DURING THIS PERIOD AND THERE WERE
NO LOCAL FLIGHTS. MAJOR KAISLER WAS WELL QUALIFIED TO
INVESTIGATE THIS REPORT SINCE (1) HE WAS STATION COMMANDER
AT GBI UNTIL HIS NORMAL ROTATION IN LATE JUNE, (2) HE
KNEW MR WALLER AND (3) MAJ KAISLER HAS A GOOD TECHNICAL
BACKGROUND AND A DEGREE IN AEROSPACE ENGINEERING. CAPT IN
CHARLES M. FERGUSON, INTELLIGENCE OFFICER, DOWNRANGE AFFAIRS
DIVISION, PREPARED THIS REPORT FROM THE RESULTS OF MAJOR
KAISLER INVESTIGATION.

AFHQ FORM JAN 68 0-3090                UNCLASSIFIED


- page 20 -

JOINT MESSAGEFORM

UNCLASSIFIED

FROM: AFETR PATRICK AFB FLA

TO: ADC
    823 AIR DIV HOMESTEAD AFB FLA
    FTD WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB OHIO
    CSAF
    OSAF

UNCLAS ETOP 24099 Jul 67.
FTO FOR TDETR, CSAF FOR AFRDC, OSAF FOR SAF-OI. THIS
UFO MSG IN TWO PARTS. FOLLOWING IS QUOTED REPORT FROM
MR DAVID E. WALLER A CONTRACTOR EMPLOYEE AT GRAND
BAHAMA AAF: QUOTE, ABOUT 9:15PM THE MONDAY NIGHT OF
JULY 10, 1967, I LEFT THE A.A.F. DOCK LOCATED ON GRAND
BAHAMA ISLAND AT GOLD ROCK CREEK. I WAS GOING BACK
TOWARD THE A.A.F. BASE. AS I DROVE ALONG ABOUT 1/4
MILE FROM SAME DOCK, I CAME NEAR THE C.D. SITE, AS I
APPROACHED I SAW AN OBJECT ABOUT 30 FEET IN DIAMETER
ABOUT TEN FEET BEHIND THE C.D. SITE. IT APPEARED TO BE
ABOUT 5 FEET ABOVE THE GROUND AND STANDING STILL. THIS

TYPED NAME AND TITLE: Capt Ferguson
PHONE: 7325

SIGNATURE: PRESTON M. DEAN, Lt Colonel, USAF
           Chief, Downsrange Affairs Division

DATE: 21 JULY 67
TIME: 1200


- page 21 -

AFTER PATRICK AFB FLA

OBJECT HAD A YELLOW, GREENISH HALO TYPE GLOW. SO I
TURNED INTO THE SITE AREA TO INVESTIGATE BUT WHEN I GOT
WITHIN AROUND 100 FEET OF OBJECT IT WENT STRAIGHT UP
FOR ABOUT 40 OR 50 FEET AND THEN HEADED STRAIGHT DOWN
THE SAND STRIP ROAD, WHICH IS AN ACCESS ROAD FOR A FEW
PEOPLE LIVING IN TRAILERS ON THE BEACH. I FOLLOWED THE
OBJECT IN MY CAR FOR A DISTANCE OF ABOUT ONE MILE AT A
SPEED OF ABOUT 60 MILES PER HOUR, RUN INTO DEEP SAND
SO STOPPED AND GOT OUT OF MY CAR AND WATCHED THIS
OBJECT DRIFT OUT OF SIGHT FOLLOWING ALONG THE COAST LINE.
AT NO TIME DID I HEAR ANY NOISE OR SMELL ANY FUMES.

END QUOTE. PART II. IAW PARA 11, AFR 80-17 THE FOLLOW-
ING IS SUBMITTED: A(1) CIRCULAR OR SOMEWHAT ELLIPTICAL.
(2) 30 FEET DIAMETER. (3) GREENISH-YELLOW HUE. (4)
ONE. (5) N/A. (6) HALO TYPE GLOW. (7) NONE. (8) NONE.
(9) OBJECT LEFT NO DISSERNABLE TRACES OF ITS PRESENCE.

B(1) LOCATION AND GLOW. (2) STANDING STILL - 5 FEET
ABOVE GROUND. (3) DISAPPEARED AT TREE LINE (NO EST ON
DISTANCE OF OBSERVER FROM TREES). (4) OBJECT WENT
STRAIGHT UP ABOUT 50 FEET TO CLEAR ANTENNAS AT COMMAND
DESTRUCT (C.D.) SITE. THEN DUE EAST DOWN SAND STRIP.
ANTENNAE ARE ABOUT 40 FEET TALL. (5) PROCEEDED TO
EAST RAPIDLY. (6) SEVEN TO EIGHT MINUTES TOTAL. C.

(1) VISUAL. (2) EYES ONLY. (3) N/A. D(1) JUL 11/0115*

[Bottom of page contains administrative details]
SYMBOL: ETOP
PAGE NR: 2
NR OF PAGES: 4
SECURITY CLASSIFICATION: UNCLASSIFIED


- page 22 -

ABBREVIATED JOINT MESSAGEFORM
and/or CONTINUATION SHEET

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION UNCLASSIFIED

1967. (2) NIGHT. G. 2837' NORTH/7822' WEST. OBSERVER
WAS ON ROAD APPROXIMATELY 60 FEET FROM COMMAND/DESTRUCT
BUILDING. F.(1)
PATRICK AFB, FLA 32925 (ATTN GRAND BAHAMA AFB), FIRST
COOK, 11TH GRADE, VERY RELIABLE. (2) N/A. G. NO OBSERVER
REPORT ON WEATHER CONDITIONS. 6,000 FEET, 130 DEGREES,
7 KNOTS; 10,000 FEET, 180 DEGREES, 7 KNOTS; 16,000 FEET,
160 DEGREES, 8 KNOTS; 20,000 FEET, 160 DEGREES, 16 KNOTS;
30,000 FEET, 110 DEGREES, 22 KNOTS; 50,000 FEET, 120 DEGREES,
16 KNOTS. 1900 FEET LDST, 2300 FEET SCATTERED (.2CB) HIGH
THIN BRKN (.8 CI), CUMULONIMBUS (NE MOVING NW). VISIBILITY
WAS 10 MILES. TEMPERATURE WAS 82.2F. WIND WAS 130 DEGREES,
5 KNOTS. H. NONE KNOWN. I. NONE KNOWN. J. RADIOSONDE
RELEASED AT 10/2315Z. K. RANGE SAFETY OFFICER, MISSILE
OPS BRANCH, AFETR, MAJOR KENNETH L. KAISLER. MAJOR KAISLER
FEELS THAT MR [REDACTED] REPORT IS RELIABLE. HIS INVESTIGA-
TION ELIMINATED SUCH OBVIOUS EXPLANATIONS AS NEARBY BOAT,
BONFIRE, OR AIRCRAFT. ALSO THERE IS NO SWAMP IN THE AREA.
NONE OF THE RADARS OR TELEMETRY EQUIPMENT AT GRAND BAHAMA
ISLAND WERE OPERATING DURING THIS PERIOD AND THERE WERE
NO LOCAL FLIGHTS. MAJOR KAISLER WAS WELL QUALIFIED TO
INVESTIGATE THIS REPORT SINCE (1) HE WAS STATION COMMANDER

CONTROL NO. TOR/TOD PAGE NO. 3 NO. OF PAGES 4 MESSAGE IDENTIFICATION ETOP 24099 JUL

DD ,FO"M 173-1 REPLACES EDITION OF 1 MAY 55 WHICH MAY BE USED


- page 23 -

Case include five (5) 8"x10" photographs.


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

ABBREVIATED JOINT MESSAGEFORM
and/or CONTINUATION SHEET

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION
UNCLASSIFIED

AT GBI UNTIL HIS NORMAL ROTATION IN LATE JUNE. (2) HE KNEW MR WALLER AND (3) MAJ KAISLER HAS A GOOD TECHNICAL BACKGROUND AND A DEGREE IN AEROSPACE ENGINEERING. CAPTAIN CHARLES M. FERGUSON, INTELLIGENCE OFFICER, DOWNRANGE AFFAIRS DIVISION, PREPARED THIS REPORT FROM THE RESULTS OF MAJOR KAISLER'S INVESTIGATION.

CONTROL NO:
TOR/TOD

PAGE NO:
4

NO. OF PAGES:
4

MESSAGE IDENTIFICATION:
ETOP 24893 HIT

SECURITY CLASSIFICATION:
UNCLASSIFIED

DD FORM 173-1 REPLACES EDITION OF 1 MAY 56 WHICH MAY BE USED.


- page 25 -

At 9.15 P.M. the morning night of July 14, 14-17, I A.M. state located on Signal Beckman district at Steel Track Circle. It was going back toward the A.A.F. base. As I drove along about 4 mile from same walk, it came near the L.O. site, as I approached I saw an object about 30 feet in diameter, about 5 feet above the ground. It appeared to be still. This object had a yellow greenish halo glow. So I turned into the site area to investigate. As I got within around 100 feet of object it went straight up for about 40 or 50 feet and then headed straight down the same strip road, which is an access road for a people living in trailers on the base. I followed the object in my car for a distance of about one mile at a speed of about 26 miles an hour, run into canal so I stopped and got out of my car and watched this object as it continued right following along the coast line - at a time did not see any noise or smell any fumes.

Minut...


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the document:

S

ATLANTIC OCEAN

SAND STRIP (PRIVATE)

SERVICE ROAD TO BASE

WOODS AREA

N

(2 BUILDINGS)


- page 27 -

11 - 23 JULY 1967 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER       EVALUATION

11      Macon, Georgia              Multiple       AIRCRAFT
11      Florissant, Missouri                       BALLOON
11      Wabash, Indiana                            AIRCRAFT
12      Dayton, Ohio                               INSUFFICIENT DATA
12      Rochester, New York                        INSUFFICIENT DATA
12      Albany, Oregon                             AIRCRAFT
12      Waverly, Iowa               Multiple       Astro (VENUS)
12      Indianapolis, Indiana       Multiple       BALLOONS
13 or 16 Marinas, Ohio                             INSUFFICIENT DATA
14      Corpus Christi, Texas       Civilian, Military

14      Blytheville, Arkansas                      1. Astro (METEOR)
16      Dayton, Ohio                               2. SATELLITE(ECHO I)
19-20   Homes Head City, Florida                   AIRCRAFT
21      Rosamond, California                       (PSYCHOLOGICAL)
21      Toledo, Ohio                               INSUFFICIENT DATA
22      Kettering, Ohio                            INSUFFICIENT DATA
22      Tulsa, Oklahoma             Multiple       SATELLITE (ECHO I)
22-23   Baton, Ohio                                Astro (VENUS)
23      Popponessel Beach, Massachusetts Multiple  BALLOONS
23      Colorado Springs, Colorado   Multiple      AIRCRAFT

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                   SOURCE          EVALUATION

11      Seattle, Washington         TWX
11      20-12N  121-133
11      Marshall, Missouri
12      St. Clair Shores, Michigan
13      Dixon, Illinois
13      South Attleboro, Massachusetts
17      Owensville, Missouri         TAPE RECORDING)
18      Briarcliff, New York
13      Germany                      TWX            SATELLITE DECAY
13      Germany                      News Clipping  SATELLITE DECAY
21      Maineville, Ohio


- page 28 -

MEMO FOR RECORD

TDACS
TIAO
TDA

On 13 July the Detroit News carried an article on an object which fall from the sky. The dimensions are as follows: 2' wide x 1 1/2' high x 2" thick, coloration white, red & black trim. One half of the item was window made of plexiglass surrounded by aluminum.

I called Selfridge AFB, Mt. Clemens, Michigan, and spoke to Major Ward, who is the OIG relative to UFO's. (38-55-11570-3115)

I relayed to him our interest in the object, and requested that he contact Mr. Ralph Riley (313-222-2162) of the Detroit News, who now has physical possession of the item, and do the following:

a. Secure or take photos of the item for shipment to us.
b. Ascertain the nature of the item.
c. Secure the item if it appeared to be foreign in nature.

On 24 July, I called Major Ward, and he said that an investigation was made on our behalf, and that the object was an escape hatch from a private airplane, probably of North American manufacture. Major Ward is sending us a copy of the photographs as info, and will contact the FAA in that area to lend his assistance in the case. These photos will be examined upon arrival and then sent to TDET/JF for their information.

E.J. MATHEWS, 2nd/Lt, USAF

cc TDET/JF
Major Quintanilla
1127th FAG
Capt. Alamis

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 29 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of a stylized or abstract letter "U" with curved edges, set against a white background with some textural variations and shadowing.


- page 30 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of what looks like a car side mirror or a similar curved, rectangular object with a textured surface and a black border. The image has a grainy, high-contrast appearance typical of older photographic techniques.


- page 31 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of what looks like a window or door frame, possibly from an aircraft or vehicle, with a rectangular window or opening and an adjacent panel or section.


- page 32 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph of what looks like a distorted or angled window or screen with curved edges, positioned at an angle against a white background. The image has a grainy, high-contrast quality typical of older photographic techniques.


- page 33 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph of what looks like a vehicle window or panel, shown at an angle. The image is high contrast with dark and light areas, showing the curved shape of what seems to be a window frame or vehicle component. The photograph is positioned against a white background and appears to be a technical or documentary-style image.


- page 34 -

Here is the text from the document:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP

TO: Maj. Quintanilla ODET/NIS-

REMARKS:
Reference the cc. letter on Detroit object. Enclosed are the photos which were taken by personnel at Jefferson AFB for us. You can keep 'em!

FROM: H. Waddleton

DD FORM 95 95


- page 35 -

Route 5, Box
Covington, Kentucky, 4 1C
May 24, 1968

United States Air Force
Foreign Technical Division
Patterson Air Force
Ohio 45433

Dear Sirs:

On July 16, 1967 my cousin and I saw a U.F.O. At 11:10 p.m. I was looking out the window when I saw it. I told my cousin to look out the window while I got my glasses. When I looked out the window it was disappearing over the roof. Later in the week I asked one of my friends if he saw it and it exploded.

Verily, truly sig [signature appears to be blacked out]


- page 36 -

July 29-62
Box 365
Travelburg
Sask
Canada

Dear Sir

About two weeks ago my husband and I saw a phenomenon of some sort. It was during a lightning storm both times and I was there when there was no lightning, there was only one with each lightning storm and three on the other round. I was close say maybe 5 inch it was aglow. And could come back toward wind up to 45 mile an hour. Flew through thick flees also with ease. And when we spoke it came closer, this made my hair stand on


- page 37 -

Here is the text from the document:

and I can tell you. They
always come from the S.W.
and went N.W. to but the
out ones and they stayed
close together and I am the
S-W. the color was white.

I wrote to the University of
Saskatchewan and they told
me to write to join
my home in in Oregon I just
moved a Canadian, but some
Dad and I saw a time
if P.O. so did the town at
Pendleton Oregon and the
tri City, in Wash. the
came of me. it looked
like a cigar was traveling
with a fast had a red glow


- page 38 -

Proposed reply to letter from Barbara Csada, July 29, 1967 (Sighting Jul 1967)

Dear Mrs [redacted]

Reference your recent letter in which you reported your unidentified observations.

It would be extremely difficult to perform a comprehensive investigation based on your observation; you neglected to mention the time, date and location of your sightings. If you had reported your sighting to your nearest military installation (if your sighting occurred in the United States) at the time, our analysts and evaluators could have attempted to determine what you had observed. If we had been unable to find a logical answer, then your case would have been categorized as UNIDENTIFIED.

You did not mention whether your observation occurred in the United States or Canada. The United States Air Force lacks jurisdiction to investigate those sightings outside its continental limits. In the future, if you should observe another UFO, please contact your nearest military installation, for the local investigator is in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation.

The enclosed information on Project Blue Book may be of interest to you and your husband. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

[Stamp in top right corner: AUG 14 1967]


- page 39 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Top of document]
78 CASE INFO ONLY

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
Page 1

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusion, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Friday       July       17      67
Day          Month       Year

2. Time of day: 9       0
               Hours    Minutes
(Circle One)   A.M.     or     P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One)   a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other ______________

(Circle One)   a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Address redacted]
Nearest Postal Address                                                 Personal
                                                                        State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours   Minutes   15   Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?     Yes    No
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                     NIGHT
a. Bright                               a. Dark
b. Cloudy                               b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)   a. In front of you        d. To your left
               b. In back of you         e. Overhead
               c. To your right          f. Don't remember

[Bottom of document]
FTD, CCFO 164     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 40 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. (Many)
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. (Bright moonlight)
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlightpitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. (Clear)
b. Scattered clouds
c. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. (Clear)
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

a. (Gas light)
b. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. (Brighter)
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. (Like a bright)
c. Sharpry outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still all or any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Blink up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
No

No
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 41 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
When I was watching it stop

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   There was no sound
b. Color:   It was white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match?   I didn't take those two

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an irregular, leaf-like shape is included]


- page 42 -

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 43 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high this object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. You will see a compass when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you last saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you first saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

1. Just stood there

65


- page 44 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                   Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:   My Mother

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                                 Tampa                     3604 Florida
TELEPHONE NUMBER                        10    SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Tuesday     July 12     1967


- page 45 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 1 day July 1967 Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The object stay in one spot it was too high to be anything.

I was building my models when my mother comes in saying she seen something along.

I went out and seen a light blink off and on for sixteen minutes then it slowly stop. I had my Telescope I could not see it well.


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

N.S.I.O.

Dear Sir:
This is my questionnaire about
my UFO sighting. Please tell me
what you think of it. Thank you.

Benton Harbor, Mich.
49022

There is also a received stamp that says:
JUN 1 - 1968


- page 47 -

Here is the text from the document:

NC-10                                                                      July 67
                                                                            AFR 80-17(C1)

SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA QUESTIONNAIRE

THIS QUESTIONNAIRE HAS BEEN PREPARED SO THAT YOU CAN GIVE THE U.S. AIR FORCE, AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE, CONCERNING THE UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA THAT YOU HAVE OBSERVED. PLEASE TRY TO ANSWER ALL OF THE QUESTIONS. THE INFORMATION YOU GIVE WILL BE USED FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES.

1. WHEN DID YOU SEE THE PHENOMENON?     DAY Wed.   MONTH July   YEAR 1967

2. WHAT TIME DID YOU FIRST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?     HOUR 9:00   MINUTES 30   A.M. P.M.

3. WHAT TIME DID YOU LAST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?      HOUR 9:00   MINUTES 45   A.M. P.M.

4. TIME ZONE     DAYLIGHT SAVINGS    STANDARD    OTHER

5. WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? IF IN CITY, GIVE THE NEAREST STREET ADDRESS AND INDICATE ON A HAND DRAWN MAP WHERE YOU WERE STANDING WITH REFERENCE TO THE ADDRESS, IF IN THE COUNTRY, IDENTIFY THE HIGHWAY YOU WERE ON OR NEAR AND TRY TO FIX A DISTANCE AND DIRECTION FROM SOME RECOGNIZABLE LANDMARK.

Houses's
1531 S. Usemiger St.
STANDING AN THEN 1514 

6. IMAGINE YOU ARE AT THE POINT SHOWN IN THE SKETCH. PLACE AN "A" ON THE CURVED LINE TO SHOW HOW HIGH THE PHENOMENON WAS ABOVE THE HORIZON, OR SKYLINE, WHEN FIRST SEEN. PLACE A "B" ON THE SAME CURVED LINE TO SHOW HOW HIGH ABOVE THE HORIZON THE PHENOMENON WAS WHEN LAST SEEN.

[A diagram is included showing an observer's position and angles of observation]

AF FORM 117
AUG 67


- page 48 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

NOW IMAGINE YOU ARE AT THE CENTER OF THE COMPASS ROSE. PLACE AN "A" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN. PLACE AN "A" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN.

IN THE SKETCH BELOW, PLACE AN "A" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN, AND A "B" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN. CONNECT THIS "A" AND "B" WITH A LINE TO APPROXIMATE THE MOVEMENT OF THE PHENOMENON BETWEEN "A" AND "B". THAT IS, SCHEMATICALLY SHOW WHETHER THE MOVEMENT WAS STRAIGHT, CURVED OR ZIG-ZAG. REFER TO SMALLER SKETCH AS AN EXAMPLE OF HOW TO COMPLETE THE LARGER SKETCH.

PAGE 2 OF 9 PAGES


- page 49 -

AFR 80-17(C1)

WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON?
X OUTDOORS
IN BUILDING
IN CAR
AS DRIVER
AS PASSENGER
IN BOAT
IN AIRPLANE
AS PILOT
AS PASSENGER
OTHER

IN BUSINESS SECTION OF CITY
X IN RESIDENTIAL SECTION OF CITY
IN OPEN COUNTRYSIDE
NEAR AIRFIELD
FLYING OVER CITY
FLYING OVER OPEN COUNTRY
OTHER

A. IF YOU WERE IN A VEHICLE, COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:
WHAT DIRECTION WERE YOU MOVING?
NORTH
EAST
SOUTH
WEST
NORTHEAST
SOUTHEAST
NORTHWEST
SOUTHWEST

HOW FAST WERE YOU MOVING?

DID YOU STOP ANYTIME WHILE OBSERVING THE
PHENOMENON?
YES
NO

EXPLAIN WHETHER SUCH MOVEMENT AFFECTS YOUR SKETCHES IN ITEMS 5 AND 6.

DESCRIBE TYPE OF VEHICLE YOU WERE IN AND TYPE OF ROAD, TERRAIN OR BODY OF WATER YOU TRAVERSED DURING THE SIGHTING. STATE WHETHER WINDOWS OR CONVERTIBLE TOP WERE UP OR DOWN.

HOW MUCH OTHER TRAFFIC WAS THERE?
DID YOU NOTICE ANY AIRPLANES? YES NO. IF "YES"- DESCRIBE WHEN THEY WERE IN SIGHT RELATIVE TO THE TIME OF SIGHTING THE PHENOMENON AND WHERE THEY WERE IN THE SKY RELATIVE TO THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON.

LENGTH OF TIME
15 MINUTES

HOW LONG WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT?
CERTAIN
FAIRLY CERTAIN
NOT VERY SURE
JUST A GUESS

HOW WAS TIME DETERMINED?
BY WRIST WATCH

WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT CONTINUOUSLY? YES NO. IF "NO", INDICATE WHETHER THIS IS DUE TO YOUR MOVEMENT OR THE BEHAVIOR OF THE PHENOMENON, AND DESCRIBE SUCH MOVEMENT OR BEHAVIOR. INDICATE DISAPPEARANCE ON PREVIOUS SKETCHES.

IT DISAPPEARED OVER A LARGE HOUSE.

PAGE 3 OF 3 PAGES


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

THERE WAS ONLY 1 PHENOMENON

A. SKY CONDITIONS (Check appropriate blocks)
[X] NIGHT
[X] CLEAR

C. IF THE SIGHTING WAS AT TWILIGHT OR NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE ABOUT THE STARS AND MOON*
[X] UNKNOWN
[X] NO MOONLIGHT

D. IF SIGHTING WAS IN DAYLIGHT, WAS THE SUN VISIBLE? YES  NO. IF "YES," WHERE WAS THE SUN AS YOU FACED

E. SPECIFY THE MAJOR SOURCE OF ILLUMINATION DURING THE SIGHTING, SUCH AS THE SUN, HEADLIGHTS OR STREET LAMP, ETC. FOR TERRESTRIAL ILLUMINATION, SPECIFY DISTANCE TO LIGHT SOURCE.

STREET LAMP

12. GIVE A BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE PHENOMENON, INDICATING WHETHER IT APPEARED DARK OR LIGHT, WHETHER IT REFLECTED LIGHT OR WAS SELF-LUMINOUS AND WHAT COLORS YOU NOTICED. DESCRIBE YOUR IMPRESSION OF WHETHER IT WAS SOLID OR TRANSPARENT, WHETHER EDGES WERE SHARP OR FUZZY. DESCRIBE THE SHAPE OR INDICATE IF IT APPEARED AS A POINT OF LIGHT. INDICATE COMPARISONS WITH OTHER OBSERVED OBJECTS, LIKE STARS, A LIGHT OR OTHER OBJECT IN YOUR FIELD OF VIEW.

IT APPEARED BOTH DARK AND LIGHT.
COLORS: RED, BLUE, GREEN, WHITE.
IT WAS SOLID, EDGES WERE SHARP.

"BEST UNKNOWN"

PAGE 4 OF 9 PAGES


- page 51 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(CL)

13. DID THE PHENOMENON:
MOVE IN A STRAIGHT LINE? [X marks NO]
STAND STILL AT ANY TIME? [X marks NO]
SUDDENLY SPEED UP AND RUN AWAY? [X marks YES]
BREAK UP IN PARTS AND EXPLODE? [X marks NO]
CHANGE COLOR? [X marks NO]
GIVE OFF SMOKE? [X marks NO]
CHANGE BRIGHTNESS? [X marks NO]
CHANGE SHAPE? [X marks NO]
FLASH OR FLICKER? [X marks YES]
DISAPPEAR AND REAPPEAR? [X marks NO]
SPIN LIKE A TOP? [X marks NO]
MAKE A NOISE? [X marks NO]
FLUTTER OR WOBBLE? [X marks NO]

14. WHAT DREW YOUR ATTENTION TO THE PHENOMENON?
I WAS SITTING ON A BEACH CHAIR NEXT TO MY
NEIGHBOR'S HOUSE. WHEN MY FRIEND SITTING
NEXT TO ME TOLD ME TO LOOK UP IN THE SKY.

15. HOW DID IT FINALLY DISAPPEAR?
IT FINALLY DISAPPEARED BEHIND A
BUILDING.

16. DID THE PHENOMENON MOVE BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF SOMETHING, LIKE A CLOUD, TREE, OR BUILDING AT ANY TIME?
MOVED BEHIND BUILDING.

PAGE 5 OF 9 PAGES


- page 52 -

Here is the text from the document:

APR 80-117(C1)

[Instruction text for drawing a picture of a phenomenon]
Draw a picture that will show the shape of the phenomenon, include and label any details that might have appeared as wings or protrusions, and indicate exhaust or vapor trails. Indicate by an arrow the direction the phenomenon was moving.

[Hand-drawn sketch]
Round [with a drawing of a round UFO with dots/windows and an arrow indicating direction]

[Instruction text for estimating size]
What was the angular size? Hold a match at arm's length in front of a known object, such as a street lamp or telephone pole. Note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. Now if you had been able to perform this experiment at the time of the sighting, estimate what fraction of the phenomenon would be covered by the match head?

[Hand-written response]
Could Not Estimate?

PAGE 6 OF 9 PAGES


- page 53 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

17. DID YOU OBSERVE THE PHENOMENON THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING? (INCLUDE INFORMATION ON MODEL, TYPE, FILTERS, LENS PRESCRIPTION OR OTHER APPLICABLE DATA)

[X] EYEGLASSES
SUNGLASSES
WINDSHIELD
SIDE WINDOW OF VEHICLE
WINDPANE
OTHER

CAMERA VIEWER
BINOCULARS
TELESCOPE
THEODOLITE
OTHER

A. DO YOU ORDINARILY WEAR GLASSES? [YES] [NO]
B. DO YOU USE READING GLASSES? [YES] [NO]

19. WHAT WAS YOUR IMPRESSION OF THE SPEED OF THE 'PHENOMENON'? GIVE ESTIMATE OF SPEED 120 MPH

20. WHAT WAS YOUR IMPRESSION OF THE CLEARNESS OF THE OBJECT? DESCRIBE IN YOUR OWN WORDS A COMMON OBJECT OR OBJECTS WHICH, WHEN PLACED IN THE SKY, SIMILAR TO WHERE YOU NOTED THE PHENOMENON WOULD BEAR SOME RESEMBLANCE TO WHAT YOU SAW. DESCRIBE SIMILARITIES AND DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE COMMON OBJECT AND WHAT YOU SAW.

It Reminded Me of An "Invaders" Ship on A.B.C.'s Show The Believe It or Not This is True

21. DID YOU NOTICE ANY ODOR, NOISE, OR HEAT EMANATING FROM THE PHENOMENON OR ANY EFFECT ON YOURSELF, ANIMALS OR MACHINERY IN THE VICINITY? [YES] [NO] IF YES, DESCRIBE:

A. DID THE PHENOMENON DISTURB THE GROUND OR LEAVE ANY PHYSICAL EVIDENCE? [YES] [NO]

PAGE 7 OF 9 PAGES


- page 54 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFB 80-17(Cl)

22. HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THIS OR A SIMILAR PHENOMENON BEFORE?  YES  NO. IF YES, GIVE DATE AND LOCATION.

23. WAS ANYONE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON?  YES  NO. IF YES, DID THEY SEE IT TOO?

23A. LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES
THESE ARE THE PERSONS THAT SEEN THE OBJ. ETC. THERE NAMES WILL BE ON NEXT PAGE. ADULTS AND TEENAGERS ALIKE 

24. GIVE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF
[Personal details are redacted/blacked out]
AGE 14  MALE  FEMALE

OCCUPATION: STUDENT AT HIGH SCHOOL

25. WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SIGHTED THIS PHENOMENON?
NAME NO ONE

26. DATE YOU COMPLETED THIS QUESTIONNAIRE:
DAY FRI. MONTH JUNE YEAR 68

PAGE 8 OF 9 PAGES


- page 55 -

Visible text:

APR 80-17(C1)

LISTED ABOVE:

16, 16, 15, 14, 10, 15, 14, 48, 44, 12, 37,

PAGE 3 OF 3 PAGES

The rest of the document appears to be redacted with black markings obscuring the text.


- page 56 -

NO CASE INFO ONLY

Page 1

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give to the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

[The rest of the form is mostly blank, with some partially filled sections, but the text is not fully legible in all areas.]

The form includes sections for:
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day
3. Time Zone
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
5. How long was object in sight?
6. What was the condition of the sky?
7. If you saw the object during daylight, where was the sun located?

At the bottom, there is a form identifier: FTD OCT 63 164, with a note that this form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 57 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO SIGHTING

1. When did you see the object?
? July 1967
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:
Cont    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town    Michigan
                                        State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    15
                                    Hours    Minutes    Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? I see it in 15 ft + cont
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you        d. To your left
b. In back of you        e. Overhead
c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FTD Form 164, "U.S. Air Force Technical Information", October 1962.


- page 58 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlightpitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Not the stars but a whiter glowing light

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

b. Other:
moving like a very fast motion

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)   Yes   No   Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time?                   [   ]   [x]   [   ]
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?     [   ]   [x]   [   ]
c. Break up into parts or explode?                     [   ]   [x]   [   ]
d. Give off smoke?                                     [   ]   [x]   [   ]
e. Change brightness?                                  [   ]   [x]   [   ]
f. Change color?                                       [   ]   [x]   [   ]
g. Flash or flicker?                                   [   ]   [x]   [   ]
h. Disappear and reappear?                             [   ]   [x]   [   ]


- page 59 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
[Handwritten text, partially illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
[Handwritten text, mostly illegible]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
[No handwritten text]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Handwritten text, partially illegible]
b. Color: [Handwritten text, partially illegible]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten text, partially illegible]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trail. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Mostly blank with some faint handwritten marks]


- page 60 -

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 61 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.


- page 62 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their name(s)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted]
AGE: 57   SEX: F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
In July 1967 watching by Strong Lake in Carlow but in B.C.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? [Partially illegible text follows]

The document appears to be a UFO sighting report form with some sections redacted or blacked out.


- page 63 -

Date you completed this questionnaire: 2 July 1967

Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Mr. Hammack and Mr. Hammack decided it probably was a man-made satellite. But very definitely was not a star, nor a falling star. It seemed almost as far away as a star. It was a very white glowing object that moved swiftly and steadily across the heavens and was about 2 or 3 degrees high from the horizon. It was small, almost a camp site. It was not an airplane.

Mr. Hammack (35 yrs) and son Allen (13 yrs) said they saw a flare of light that left the white glowing object with what did not appear this but always the white lights flared out around it steadily.


- page 64 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Partially filled in, but text is not fully legible]

2. Time of day:
[Blank fields for Hour and Minutes]
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
CORNER OF U.S 35 AND
ALLISON AVENUE
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town                   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours        35      Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? WE FOLLOWED THIS OBJECT
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes        No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                    NIGHT
a. Bright                              a. Bright
b. Cloudy                              b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
b. In back of you     e. Overhead
c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD FORM                Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service
OCT 52 164                                                                     May 1966


- page 65 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
A CARS HEADLIGHT AT CLOSE RANGE

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 66 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
N/O

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):  Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound ________
b. Color ________

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the head?
ALL OF IT

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, antennae, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A simple drawing of a circle with an arrow pointing to the left is included in the document]


- page 67 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ___________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car (stopped near)
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _______________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other _______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses      Yes   No
c. Windshield       Yes   No
d. Window glass     Yes   No

e. Binoculars       Yes   No
f. Telescope        Yes   No
g. Theodolite       Yes   No
h. Other ______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

H. CARS HEADLIGHT


- page 68 -

A-2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Method unclear, #a sun, 1/2 x it

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank lines]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 69 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 70 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NO.                AGE 14    SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   Mark   Joynes

The rest of the document contains redacted/blacked out text that is not legible.


- page 71 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
    Day         Month         Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

This story began about 9:00 P.M. just outside of Covington. We were driving along and came to a sudden stop which we decided to catch up with a bright white light. We then watched it, seeing it, bright white. This light was very bright. At this time was 11:35 P.M.

When we first saw this object, the bright light was real bright. Then all the minutes it turned its glow approx. For some time we were able to realize this object was just sitting there. We saw it, stood still for about 4 minutes.


- page 72 -

Here is the text from the document:

NO CASE INFO ONLY

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
2 July 67                                                  Page 1

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if in deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?     2 July 1967
2. Time of day: 10:15 or 10:20 P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern
                             b. Central
                             c. Mountain
                             d. Pacific
                             e. Other _________

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: MILWAUKEE           WISC.
City or Town                                State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    5      Minutes     2      Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly Certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined: WRIST WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    Night
a. Day
b. Bright
c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164     This form supersedes FTD 194, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 73 -

ORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlightpitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common objects:
Dim of the planet (Clearly somewhat bright maybe)

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up or slow down at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 74 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form, Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
No, it didn't disappear

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes [No] Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes [No] Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound, completely silent
b. Color: Yellowish, white!

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
9/10 of object

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch showing an object near an apple tree, with an arrow pointing SOUTHEAST]


- page 75 -

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other:

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _____ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes   No
b. Sun glasses Yes   No
c. Windshield Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No

e. Binoculars Yes   No
f. Telescope Yes   No
g. Theodolite Yes   No
h. Other:

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

The space capsule or a satellite such as the (100 ft. in diameter) Echo 1


- page 76 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the same curved line to show how high the object was when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A [handwritten note: very haphazard]

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The page contains two diagrams: one showing an angular measurement with a horizon and buildings, and another showing a compass rose]


- page 77 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
yes, the Echo satellite; a few years ago
Also in 1961 or 62, I saw an object exactly like this during the day

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes [No circled]

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS MILWAUKEE 10 WISCONSIN
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 16 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
Highly interested in science, and search in highest 9th of the country, in satellite, spacecraft, and have seen satellites and can say that this could have been one

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
2 July 1967 U.S. Air Force


- page 78 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO
Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    2    July    1967
                                             Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The time I saw the object, was not necessarily the amount of time it was in possible view.
I would estimate that at its speed, the object would have remained in sight about 60 to 90 minutes before
leaving the horizon.


- page 79 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
[Handwritten response partially illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: [blank]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [partially illegible handwriting]
b. Color: [partially illegible handwriting]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[No response]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple curved line/sketch is drawn in this section]

The document is labeled A-3 in the top right corner.


- page 80 -

NO CASE INFO ONLY

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?    3    7    62
                                   Day Month Year

2. Time of Day:    1    20
                 Hours Minutes
(Circle One)   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern
                           b. Central
                           c. Mountain
                           d. Pacific
                           e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?    Pacific City, Oregon
                                              Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    13    Not very sure
                                 Hours Minutes Seconds    (Just a guess)

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY     a. Clear
        b. Bright
        c. Cloudy

NIGHT   a. Bright
        b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)   a. In front of you   d. To your left
               b. In back of you    e. Overhead
               c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 81 -

ORCE UFO FORM                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 82 -

Official U.S. Air Force UI
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
quickly sided

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   [No]   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   [No]   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: away
b. Color: bright star

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
9/1

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[No drawing is present on this page]


- page 83 -

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 84 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object and "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 85 -

UFO form continued

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Portland, Ore. F. Tom guys were not detailed.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NO. AGE 50 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year
Roe Omer


- page 86 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   9   7   67
                                            Day Month Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[Redacted name] mentioned
in question 31. I can
give exact address of
[Redacted name] + her friend

Don't know if we can locate
the other guys we met
at the beach.


- page 87 -

Wright-Patterson MAJ Rademacher/SAFOICC/1.9/79079/8 Aug 67

AUG 8 1967

Dear [redacted]

Reference your letter of July 11 in which you described the various unidentified flying objects (UFOs) which you have been observing since December, 1966.

At this late date, we would be unable to undertake a meaningful scientific investigation into your earlier observations.

If you would like us to investigate your letter sightings on July 1 and 7, 1967, we will need additional information. Upon completion of the inclosed FTD Form 164, our analysts will undertake a detailed investigation into your observations.

In the future, if you should observe another unidentified flying object, please contact the nearest military installation at the time of your observation. The UFO investigator at your nearest military installation is in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation.

Thank you for reporting your observations to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

SAMUEL E. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachment:
[redacted]
Springfield, Missouri 65804

SAFOICC
[signature]

SAFOICC
[additional routing stamps]


- page 88 -

Proposed reply to letter from [redacted], July 11, 1967 (Sightingjul 447,67)

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Reference your recent letter of July 11 in which you described the various unidentified flying objects which you have been observing since December 1966.

At this late date, we would be unable to undertake a meaningful scientific investigation into your earlier observations.

If you would like us to investigate your latter sightings of July 4 and 7, 1967 we will need additional information.

Upon completion of the inclosed PTD Form 164, our analysts will undertake a detailed investigation into your observations.

In the future, if you should observe another unidentified flying object, please contact the nearest military installation at the time of your observations. The UFO investigator at your nearest military installation is in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation.

Thank you for reporting your observations to the Air Force.

[Signature: Ctd]

[Handwritten note: OK 7]


- page 89 -

July 11, 1967

Project Blue Book
U. S. A. F.
Washington, D. C.

Dear Sirs,

Since December, 1966, I have witnessed four objects which I feel warrant attention as possible U. F. O.'s.

My first sighting occurred on Friday, December 2, 1966. Around 11:00 P. M. I glanced out the kitchen window and noticed a bright red and blinking light curving slowly from west to northwest. It was at a fairly low altitude. I don't feel qualified to estimate its size, but it was similar in appearance and slightly larger than the red light of a water tower about 1 to 2 miles from our house. However, the tower light is not visible from the patio where I was watching.

I observed the thing for about five minutes. It moved erratically. After turning from west to northwest it climbed and then it disappeared behind the houses behind our's. It apparently landed in a field between our house and the water tower.


- page 90 -

Here is the text from the document:

A-4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ____________
e. At sea
f. Other ____________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South           g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No

e. Binoculars      Yes   No
f. Telescope       Yes   No
g. Theodolite      Yes   No
h. Other ____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text appears to read: "Got out there along 25 or 26 trail"]


- page 91 -

waited another five minutes but it did not
reappear.
It was silent and did not resemble any
conventional aircraft that I have ever seen!
(Much aircraft passes over our house.) It
was an overcast night and no stars were visible. The object appeared intelligently
controlled.
No one was home but myself at the time
and then, I told my mother she only laughed.
A rash of U. F. O. sightings occurred in our
area shortly afterward.
Sometime last spring and again on July
4, 1967 at around 10:30 P. M. I witnessed
a similar on the same object apparently
landing in the same area as that of my first
sighting.
My last sighting occurred last Friday,
July 7, 1967 at around 10:30 P. M. It was
exactly like the others except that it was
either smaller or farther away. It was following the opposite course of my first sighting.
My mother saw it also and we watched it
for about five minutes. It was moving east.
We both noted that it moved erratically.
At first it moved at a moderate speed but


- page 92 -

then sped up suddenly and disappeared in
the distance. It was a clear night and stars
were visible. This was not a star, meteor-
ite, etc.

All these sightings have much in common

All four were similar on the same ob-
ject.

All four were silent and did not resem-
ble conventional aircraft or heavenly
bodies, but did seem to be intelligent-
ly controlled.

With the exception of that last sight-
ing, all followed approximately the
same course at approximately the same
speed and all landed in approximately
the same spot.

The last sighting was following the
opposite course of the others (east
veering northeast) and appeared to be
either smaller or farther away.

All were sighted between 10:15 P.m.
and 11:15 P. m.


- page 93 -

Here is the text from the document:

I am fairly certain of my sanity (please don't judge by my typing ability) and I wish you would investigate these strange occurrences.

Sincerely,

[Signature redacted]
Mo.
65804


- page 94 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

NO CASE INFO COPY                                                Page 1

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION                             5 July 67

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?     5   JULY   1967
                                    Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:    10     00
                 Hours   Minutes   (Circle One)   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:     (Circle One)   a. Eastern     a. Daylight Saving
                                 b. Central     b. Standard
                                 c. Mountain
                                 d. Pacific
                                 e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?   BAYSIDE    NEW YORK
                                             City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)   10     20     Seconds
                                                  Hours   Minutes   Seconds
    5.1 How was time in sight determined?   WAT
    5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes         No

6. What was the condition of the sky?   DAY            NIGHT
                                        a. Bright      a. Bright
                                        b. Cloudy      b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One)   a. In front of you    d. To your left
                  b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                  c. To your right      f. Don't remember


- page 95 -

FORCE UFO FORM                                                Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                                8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                                b. Dull moonlight
    b. A few                                              c. No moonlight
    c. Many                                               d. Don't remember
    d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):                                   WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear sky                                            a. Dry
b. Cloudy                                               b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Hazy                                                 c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Scattered clouds                                     d. Snow
e. Thick or heavy clouds                                e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                                             d. As a light
    b. Transparent                                       e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                                          c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                                            d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    A NORMAL STAR

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):   a. Fuzzy or blurred                      e. Other: SHARP LIKE A HAT
                b. Like a bright star
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                                     (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?                Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and run away at any time?       Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Seem to spin or explode?                          Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Give off light?                                   Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                                Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                                     Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                                 Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                           Yes   No   Don't know


- page 96 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: A TREE AND WENT OUT OF SIGHT

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: NONE
b. Color: YELLOWISH-WHITE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the
object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much
the object would have been covered by the match head?
THE WHOLE OBJECT

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the ex-
ternal shape such as wings, protrusion, etc. and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the circle
to show the direction the object was moving.

[The bottom of the page contains some sketches, but they are not clearly legible]


- page 97 -

UFO form continued

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)     Yes    No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)     Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    1000 FT.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East               e. South             g. West
b. Northeast            d. Southeast          f. Southwest         h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?                 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)     Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?     Yes    No
a. Eyeglasses                                                   
b. Sunglasses                                                   
c. Windshield                                                   
d. Window glass                                                 

f. Binoculars                                                   
g. Telescope                                                    
h. Theodolite                                                   
i. Other                                                        

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text appears to describe something about a star, way, riding, and yellow white light, but is partially illegible]


- page 98 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at this point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Handwritten notes:
- Hovering
- First smaller light SE

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 99 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
TWO TIMES NOV 1966 BELL BLVD + NORTHERN BLVD BAYSIDE

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) (Yes) No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One) Yes (No)
31.2 Place list their names and addresses:
[Redacted text]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 19 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
HAVE SIGHTED SAUCERS TWICE PREVIOUSLY ONCE ABOVE WILLOW AND ONCE IN NORTH AURORA. AND MY SISTER IN NOV. 1966. HAVE HAD 5 YEARS OF HIGH SCHOOL SCIENCE AND 1 YEAR OF COLLEGE SCIENCE - I KNOW NATURAL PHYSICAL PHENOMENA WHEN I SEE THEM.

13. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially illegible date]
MAJOR CONTINELLA


- page 100 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Date fields are blank]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

WE WATCHED THE OBJECT APPEAR
FROM AMONG THE STARS IN THE
NORTH-WEST AND MOVE TOWARD THE
SOUTH-EAST. THE OBJECT STOPPED AND
HOVERED TWICE, THE SECOND TIME RELEASE
A SMALLER SIMILAR OBJECT. OBJECT
APPEARED TO HAVE A DOME AND WAS
LIGHTED FROM WITHIN. OBJECT LOOKED
LIKE A TILTED HIGH-BRIMMED HAT.


- page 101 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 102 -

NO CASE INFO ONLY    5 July 67

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusion, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?    5    July    1967
                                    Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day:    10    30    Hours    Minutes    (Circle One)    A.M. or    P.M.

3. Time Zone:    (Circle One)    a. Eastern    b. Daylight Saving
                                c. Mountain    d. Standard
                                d. Pacific
                                e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?    Fort Wilkinson    Fort Wilkinson    Penna.
                                            Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)                    30    Seconds
                                Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    Guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?    DAY    NIGHT
                                        a. Bright    a. Bright
                                        b. Cloudy    b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One)    a. In front of you    d. To your left
                   b. In back of you    e. Overhead
                   c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 103 -

ORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
welding Teech

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: sharp lines, 
    looked like it turned 
    in space

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Blink or pulse in any part or parts?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 104 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Don't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
In front of:   STARS

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound:   NONE
b. Color:   COLOR OF WELDING TORCH FLAME (BLUE)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
ONE HALF

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protuberances, etc., and especially account for vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple arrow-like drawing is shown]


- page 105 -

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 106 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 107 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                   Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

Penna, 12814
age 12 sex male

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS                   Williamsport, Maryland
TELEPHONE                 age 16 sex male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
Day     July     Month     1967     Year
Several camp personnel


- page 108 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   9   July   1967
                                             Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

We were fishing in Lake Sinoquipe, when a bright flash caught our eyes. I drew Robley's attention to the object. It was traveling at a high rate of speed in a southeast to northwest direction. It was of a blue white color. It then disappeared over a mountain.


- page 109 -

NO CASE INFO ONLY

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
3     July    1967

2. Time of day:
6     25     (Circle One)   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)   Eastern   Daylight Saving
                Central     Standard
                Mountain
                Pacific
                Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Gross Sabre    Poughkeepsie    New York
(Nearest Public Address)     (City or Town)    (State or County)

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                    10      Minutes     Seconds
                (Circle One: Certain   Not very sure
5.1 How was time in sight determined?   by watch
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?   NIGHT
                (Circle One)   a. Bright
                                b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)   a. In front of you
                b. In back of you
                c. To your right

FTD FORM     This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.
OCT 62 164


- page 110 -

ORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlightpitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

(Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Dull like a projector than standing area

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 111 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes, it seemed to go far away & some back.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES   No   Don't know   If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: a cloud

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES   No   Don't know   If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: a cloud

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
- what made it move no sound
- color of a blueish white & light of
- other details of motion

18. We want to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object it covers by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
not very much

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with annotations like "blueish" and an arrow indicating direction]


- page 112 -

Here is the text from the document:

A-6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Partially illegible handwritten response]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses
[Blacked out]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Blacked out]
ADDRESS [Partially blacked out, with "City" line visible]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Blacked out]    AGE 15    SEX male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[Blank]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially illegible handwritten response for day, month, year, and "2 army matter"]


- page 113 -

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other   on the beach

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other   on a beach

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)   a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving?                 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop on any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other   Yes   No

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

I saw what looked like a round white lights which rose blotted with wavy lights and seemed to go slow than fast and going in and out of clouds and seemed to be coming closer.


- page 114 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Then draw a line from "A" to "B" to show the path when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A [13]

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 115 -

UFO form continued

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location:
no

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Chittnenango, New York 13037

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS: Chittnenango     City     Zone     Newport     State     13037
TELEPHONE NUMBER                 SEX: female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day         Month         Year     City


- page 116 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   15   July   1967
                                            Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 117 -

Here is the text from the document:

COWLES COMMUNICATIONS, INC. 488 MADISON AVENUE, NEW YORK, N.Y. 10022 MU 8-6800

July 14, 1967

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Air Force Research and Development Command
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Major Quintanilla:

We are sending you herewith the enclosed report received by us of a sighting July 4 (1), page 15) in Henderson, New York.

The report looks of doubtful value to me, but perhaps it could be of use to you.

Yours truly,

Vera Peilman
Secretary to David C. Whitney
Cowles Education Corporation

vf

Enclosure


- page 118 -

NO CASE INFO ONLY                                   6 JULY 67

[Partially illegible header text]

[Partially illegible text about various agencies and departments]

1. 117 ATRN PROJECT AUGUST, FLT WITH LOGS AND TELS
[More partially illegible text]

1. 267-/67-136 / COSFC INC / PBL / JACK
2. 14 JUL 67
3. HQ 21-1 WASHINGTON / 5 JULY 67 / 14672

[Partially illegible text]

6. TRANSCOPY PRIOR TO DECAY AS PACK OLYMPIA, WASHINGTON TO KEY WEST, FLORIDA TO ESTABLISHING, YORKVILLE TO DECAY POINT.

7. THIS IS THE FINAL REPORT UNLESS FURTHER ANALYSIS WARRANTS ANOTHER LEVEL OF CONFIDENCE EXTENDING HIGH DOC TO RECEIPT OF VISUAL CONFIRMATION FROM KEY WEST FLORIDA, ALSO ACQUISITION OF THEIR MINUTES OF DECAY.


- page 119 -

Wright Patterson-Ma] Bademacher/SAFOICC/Ljs/70073/31 July 67

JUL 31 1967

Dear

This is in reply to your correspondence on an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting of July 7, 1967.

With the information submitted, it would be extremely difficult to offer much of an explanation. Essential data, such as flight characteristics, maneuvers, and duration of sighting are quite important in a comprehensive evaluation. If you had reported your observation to the nearest military installation, an evaluation would have been possible. The UFO investigator at your nearest military installation is in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation. Your information will be added to our present data base.

Your interest in our program is appreciated.

Sincerely,

BARROWS E. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

[Address redacted], New York 13650

SAF-OICC                                                   SAF-OIC

[Signatures and additional routing information at bottom of page]


- page 120 -

No Close INFO ONLY

Proposed reply to correspondence from (Age 15) (Sighting 7 Jul 67)

Dear

This is in reply to your correspondence on an unidentified flying object sighting of July 7, 1967.

With the information submitted, it would be extremely difficult to offer much of an explanation. Essential data such as flight characteristics, maneuvers, and duration of sighting are quite important in a comprehensive evaluation. If you had reported your observation to the nearest military installation at the time, an evaluation would have been possible. The UFO investigator at your nearest military installation is in a far better position to conduct an on-the-spot investigation. Your information will be added to our present data base.

[Location redacted], Henderson, New York


- page 121 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.
Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we cannot for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
24 July 1967
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 12 Hours 30 Minutes
(Circle One)   A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
            b. Central
            c. Mountain
            d. Pacific
            e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
            b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Sawyer's Bar     Town Henderson     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5 Hours 30 some sec.
a. Certain    c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Slow'd move

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY    NIGHT
a. Clear   a. Clear
b. Bright   b. Cloudy
c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you   d. To your left
            b. In back of you    e. Overhead
            c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM                This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.
FTD OCT 53 164


- page 122 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moon
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Closest to a bomb fire.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes

No
No
No
No
No
No
No
No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 123 -

