The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Text from the document:

DATE - TIME GROUP: 25 June 67 23/0430Z
LOCATION: Saratoga, New York
SOURCE: Civilian
NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Several
LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 40 to 50 Seconds
TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
PHOTOS: Possible (AIRCRAFT) INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
CONCLUSIONS:
Observers sighted several bright red lights that went in a southeasterly direction. No noise was heard.
COMMENTS: There was a satellite decay on this date at 1200 hrs plus or minus 2 hours. It is possible this is the date. Much more likely is the possibility that an aircraft, a meteor or uncontrolled debris decayed on this date. The sighting stated that Saratoga Springs Radar station reported they had not tracked anything. The original traces were never found nor subsequently identified on other radar. The original traces were required with absolute clarity to enable any type of identification, but never received.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It is a page from an old Project Blue Book report document about UFO sightings over Saratoga County, New York.

UFOs REPORTED OVER COUNTY
Two Boys, Woman, Man See Unidentified Flying Objects
By NANCY McKECHNIE
Three separate sightings of unidentified flying objects Fri-day night in the Saratoga Springs area were reported to THE SARATOGIAN. 
A spokesman for the Saratoga Springs Police Station said he had received a report of two boys, camping in their backyard, spotted a huge glowing object which they said streaked upward suddenly.
Two Greenfield women sitting on their front porch reported seeing two large glowing objects which appeared to move in the sky. 
THE THIRD REPORT came from a Vermont man, who said that as he was driving cross-country, his car engine suddenly died, and he saw a huge battle-shaped object slowly rise from behind the trees. He said it steadied itself and then shot steadily upward until it was out of sight.
The description of the sighted objects and the manner in which they reportedly behaved lead investigators to conclude that these were the sightings of as yet unidentified flying objects. At 12:30 a.m., the boys said, the objects streaked across the sky toward downtown Saratoga, and disappeared near the lights of the city.
ON THE REPORT which the boys sent to the Air Force Project Blue Book at Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, they stated that they did not actually see any occupants of the objects.
THOMAS MERCER, SLI New Arts, said, and Project Blue Book replied that their report has been received and is being investigated.
According to Mercer, the analysis of the sightings and investigations indicate that the lights observed simply reflect bright lights. If more than one source provide details indicating a bona fide unidentified object, he said, then the Air Force will look into it further.

- page 2 -

The image contains a document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC) at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio. The document appears to be related to a UFO observation report from June 23, 1967 in Saratoga Springs, New York. The document does not contain any photographs, but rather has text and a USAF logo at the top.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 23 June 1967

TO: Saratoga Springs, New York 12866

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 23 June 1967, please complete the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Major, USAF
Chief Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically an "UFO Observation & Photograph" report dated June 23, 1967.

Text from the document:
TEST/UFO (M3J Quintanilla/70916/mhb/9 Nov 67)
UFO Observation & Photograph, June 23, 1967
Mr._____, Saratoga Springs, New York 12866
Reference your unidentified observation and subsequent photographs of June 23, 1967. Lack of same identification in the photo precludes identification of the referenced objects. Our investigation cannot be complete until we examine the original negatives. If you could forward them, they may reveal new information which cannot be gleaned from the paper prints.
JAMES C. MARITT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems
1 Atch 
Self-Addressed envelope

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in the given image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report on unidentified flying objects, specifically a "Photo Analysis Report" for an incident that occurred on June 23, 1967 in Saratoga Springs, New York.

The text in the document is as follows:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR - 67-73
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
LOCATION: Saratoga Springs, New York
DATE: 23 June 1967
PHOTOGRAPHY
AF - 
IR -
QUALITY - 
1. PURPOSE: This report is written to fulfill a request, Work Order Number 67-108, submitted by Major H. Quintanilla, Jr., USAF/UFO, to determine what the unidentified flying objects are.
2. ANALYSIS: Lack of image definition in the photos precludes any identification of the referenced objects. An analysis of the original negatives, however, may possibly reveal additional details.
PHOTO ANALYSIS BY: ROBERT D. MYERS, Intelligence Research Specialist
APPROVED BY: WILLIAM L. TURNER, Major, USAF, Chief, Photo Analysis Branch
WILLIAM B. PRICE, JR., Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

23 Jun 67 - There are a few readily visible markings on the photo print, but they seem to be artifacts of processing rather than evident information in the original image.

- page 5 -

The image contains a photograph of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The document is a response to a questionnaire about a UFO sighting on June 23, 1967 in Saratoga Springs, New York.

The text in the document reads:

Gentlemen:
Below are the answers to questions asked on U.F.O. questionnaire
Form FTD Oct 62. We wish to report the following U.F.O. sighting.
Please take all necessary steps to identify the sighted object. We
will co-operate in any way possible.

1. Sighted June 23,1967 FRI
2. 1520 AM
3. Eastern daylight saving time
4. 45 seconds (a) directions Springs,New York
5. 30 seconds (a) again, over Sprinas.New York
6. Bright night
7. Many stars and moon not yet up
9. Seen as lights
10. Highest object in sky
11. As bright as car parked lights 150 feet away or brighter
12. The edges of the object were invisible
13. (a) the object changed in brightness
14. No sound what ever,mostly red lights
15. Size relative to a dime/pennies at arm's length

20. Estimated speed,800 MPH
21. Fairly low altitude
23. Viewed out side
24. Resident location of city
25. Viewed through eyeglasses, and camera view finder
27. N.S.

You will note that in addition to #19 we have included a photograph
of the object taken at f 4.5 1/25 on Kodak XX135 high speed
film. There are more pictures now being comertially developed as controls.

Yours Truly

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It is a page of text from a Project Blue Book document.

The included prints are of the same negative, but at different exposures to bring out the greatest detail possible. You will note that what we described as lights against the night sky appear as just the opposite - we can offer no reason for this. It is clear this effect was caused by the UFO as stated in the photo appears as it should have. As of now we do not know if the other camera recorded the same phenomenon. When this information is available, we will forward it on request.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Project Blue Book investigation, specifically a letter regarding a UFO observation that occurred on June 23, 1967 in Saratoga Springs, New York.

TDET/UFO (MAJ QUINTANILLA/70916/MHA/19JUN67)
UFO OBSERVATION, JUNE 23, 1967

Mr. ..., Saratoga Springs, New York 12866

1. Reference your recent observation and subsequent photographs of an unidentified flying object. It was mentioned in your correspondence that you would like to provide more details of the objects. Our photographic analysts would appreciate the opportunity to review them. (The original negatives would be helpful). The two photographs you sent show very little detail and a detailed photographic analysis will be difficult. Request you complete the enclosed Photo Data Sheet.

2. Upon completion of analysis, we will return your photographs with our findings.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HERBERT B. HOLDSAMBECK, Colonel, USAF
Acting Director of Technology and Systems

Photo Data Sheet/Envelope

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text describing photographic data. The text found in the document is as follows:

PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA
1. Type and make of camera: Kodak Pony 135 model B
2. Type, focal length, and make of lens: Kodak Anaston, 51mm
3. Brand and type of film: 35mm
4. Kodak paper, 4x135 film, Shutters used
5. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop: F4.5
6. Filters used: None
7. Was tripod or solid stand used: No
8. Was "panning" used: No
9. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the ground: WSW, 33
10. If supplemental information is obtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and the smallest and largest 'f' stop and shutter time used.

The additional photographs I mentioned reveal nothing. I shall further help in any way possible.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten note describing the contents of a case file, which includes 6, 7x5-inch negatives and 2, 2x2-inch photographs.

This case contains 6, 7x5-inch negative
and 2, 2x2-inch photos.

- page 10 -

