PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP: 18 Jan 67 19/0350Z

2. LOCATION: Columbus, Kansas

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual

7. COURSE: NW

8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes [X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [X] No [ ] Yes

10. CONCLUSION: Aircraft (possible)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
The observer watched a whitish-blue object with exhaust travel toward the northern horizon. During the observation a high pitched whining sound was noted. The 16h completed by the witness disagreed with the color reported for the object in the initial letter. In the first report the object was football shaped and had red, white, and blue flashing lights.

Contact with the 305th BW Bunker Hill AFB revealed that there were B-58 aircraft in the area at the time of the sighting making bomb runs.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF yo answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME
    Last Name            First Name           Middle Name

ADDRESS
    Street            Columbus     Kansas
    City              Zone        State

TELEPHONE NUMBER                 AGE 14   SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    18    January    1967    U.S. Air Force

Page 6


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    19   February   1967
    Day       Month       Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The page is Page 7, as noted in the top right corner.


- page 3 -

Memo For the Record:

Contact with the 305th BW Bunker Hill AFB, Indiana revealed that on the night of 18 Jan 67 B-58 aircraft were making bomb runs north of Joplin, Missouri. These aircraft would have been in the area at the time of the sighting.


- page 4 -

18 Jan 67                  Columbus, Kansas                   14

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    TDET/UFO                                       9 February 1967

SUBJECT:    UFO Observation, 18 Jan 67

TO:         [Redacted]
            Columbus, Kansas 66725

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which
we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation.
Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in
the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation
to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems             1 Atch
                                                  FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Columbus, Kansas
January 19, 1967

United States Air Force Department
Department of H.P.O.'s
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sirs:

We are writing this letter to inform you of our sighting of an UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT. This all started on the 18th day of January 1967, when a friend of mine and I were outside getting some paper and a pen out of his car, and all at once we heard a strange noise. We looked around and couldn't see anything so we didn't think anything about it. Later on in the same night another friend of mine and he spotted several U.F.O.'s. We started talking the strange noise at the same time that Dave Boyd and I heard the spot where we had heard the strange noise. The sightings were confirmed by two other people. We (illegible text) all of Columbus, Kansas) figured that it was our to report these sightings of The United States of America, size of this "object" was about 20 ft in diameter, the shape the shape of a football, flying at approximately 1500 ft. The characteristics of the football shaped object were red, white, and blue flashing lights.

We would like to hear from you on other sightings of U.F.O.'s around the world. We would appreciate any information that you could send us.

Thank you for your time and patience.

[Handwritten note at bottom right: SEND 164]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

If you have any available information on what I previously covered in my letter, would you please send it to:

Columbus, Kansas
66725

Columbus, Kansas
66725

Columbus, Kansas
66725

Thank you very much.

Yours truly,

/s/enclosure


- page 7 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
18 January 1967
Day     Month     Year

2. Time of day: 9 50
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or (P.M.)

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] Columbus, Kansas
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
           Hours   5   Seconds
           Minutes
(Circle One): a. Certain   c. Not very sure
             b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? With a wrist watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                           NIGHT
a. Bright                     a. Bright
b. Cloudy                     b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vague
d. Slight
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
SUN

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp or outline
d. Don't remember
e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes  (No)  Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes  (No)  Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
YES I+ just floshed off and then come on again.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it move behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes (No) Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: A high pitched whining sound
b. Color: whitsh-blue

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and see how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? About half of it

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place one arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with an arrow and the word "exhaust"]


- page 10 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [No response]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?   1500 Feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           e. South
b. Northeast       f. Southwest
c. East            g. West
d. Southeast       h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses     Yes   No     e. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses    Yes   No     f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield     Yes   No     g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window         Yes   No     h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you

A diamond


- page 11 -

27. In the following sketch, Imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place on "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a sketch that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of its path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 12 -

