The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, but it does not contain any photographs. The text on the page appears to be a detailed description and analysis of an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting.

PROJECT 10,270 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP : 2. LOCATION:
17 MAY 6? 2330-2302 ESSENTON RIVER, MARYLAND
3. DATE OF OBSERVATION: 4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
17 MAY 67 VISUAL
*. SOURCE OF OBSERVATION:
PRIVATE CITIZEN
6. CAUSE OF OBSERVATION:
Aircraft
10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observers noticed flashing lights on what appeared to be an aircraft. The object was spotted as a bright light maneuvering in the sky from 30 to 60 seconds. It appeared to be approximately 500 to 1000 feet above the horizon. The object flew straight and level, then made a sudden 90 degree turn and disappeared from view. The sighting lasted a total of 2 to 3 minutes.
The observers were able to clearly see the lights on the object, which appeared to be flashing in sequence. Based on the analysis, the object was determined to be an aircraft.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph, only text on a document page. As requested, I will now act as an OCR system and produce all the text found in the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 23. Were you (Circle One)
(Circle One) a. In the business section of a city?
a. Inside a building b. In the residential section of a city?
b. In a car c. In open country-side?
c. Outside d. Near an airport?
d. In an airplane (type) e. Flying over a city?
e. At sea f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
Bright star

- page 2 -

The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report document. There is an illustration of a compass and a sketch showing the path of an object or objects. The text on the page is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass to show where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, likely a report form filled out by a witness.

TEXT OUTPUT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give time and place and describe it.

No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses

Yes
No

Philadelphia  

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] Philadelphia 19167 PA
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted] 
AGE: 37 
SEX: Male

Indicates any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:

Good clear observer, in general rational

Occupation: A licensed private pilot

33. When and where did you have this sighting? 19 June 1967 U.S.A.F.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document with a typed questionnaire.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 13 July 1967 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Covered in my letter - diagram 
Sent to you 6-19-67.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with text describing a contact made with an information officer in Aberdeen, Maryland on July 21, 1967. The text states that the information officer did not believe that any craft from the proving ground could have been responsible for the sighting, and that he would check into the matter in detail if he found anything.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD: 21 July 67

Contact was made with Mr. ___, Information Officer, Aberdeen Proving Ground. He did not believe that any craft from the proving ground could have been responsible for the sighting. The grounding coincides of 7,200 men and their craft, but he said that he would check into the matter in detail and if he found anything he would call.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a report on a UFO observation on June 17, 1967 in the Sassafras River area of Maryland.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 17 June 1967

TO: Bendix Flight Operations
Freidnship Airport
Baltimore, Maryland 21203

Our office has received a report of an unidentified flying object over the Sassafras River in Maryland on the night of 17 June 1967. Request information on any flights of the BEVES Ranging and Tracking System in the Sassafras River area on that date. Your assistance is appreciated.

/S/ WLALIAM B. COLEMAN
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1st Endorsement

TO: TDST/UFO
FM: Bendix Flight Operations

Review of the flight records for this station reveals that a C-118A, NASA N-812 was conducting tests of the BEVES Ranging and Tracking System in the vicinity of Freidnship Airport from June 18/2230GMT to 19/0315GMT. This aircraft was equipped with a 1050 watt tracking light located on the bottom of the aircraft.

/S/ JOHN H. MULLIN JR.
Manager
Bendix Flight Operations

- page 7 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document or report, likely related to Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT OUTPUT:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared to find you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.

The data collected will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information to assist in further investigation.

1. When did you see the object?

SUNDAY JUNE 11 1967

2. Time of day:  

9:00 AM 

3. Time Zone:  

(Circle One) EST, EDT, CST, CDT, MST, MDT, PST, PDT 

4. Where were you when you saw the object?

SAXE HARBOR ENDE MARYLAND

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)

3 MINUTES 

5.1 How was object first attracted to your attention?  

I FIRST NOTICED THE OBJECT

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?

YES

6. What was the condition of the sky?

CLEAR

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to you looked at the object?

(Circle One) a. In front of you  b. To your right   c. Behind you   d. To your left

8. Remarks: THE OBJECT WAS DISC SHAPED AND APPEARED TO BE SILVER IN COLOR. IT MADE NO SOUND AND HOVERED ABOUT 50 FEET ABOVE THE WATER.

FTD DET 164   This form supersedes FTD 164 Jul 61, which is obsolete

- page 8 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" that is used to gather information about a sighting of an unidentified flying object.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

8. If you saw the object AT NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars (Circle One): 1. Clear 2. Hazy 3. Don't remember
b. Moon (Circle One): 1. Full 2. Crescent 3. Not visible 4. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the subject?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 1. Clear 2. Hazy 3. Thin 4. Thick or heavy 4. Don't remember
WEATHER (Circle One): 1. Calm 2. Windy 3. Light rain 4. Heavy rain 5. Snow 6. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Suddenly b. Gradually
c. Transparent d. Dull e. Bright f. Don't remember

11. If it appeared at night, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter b. Not brighter c. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: BRIGHTER THAN THE STREETLIGHTS

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy b. Sharply defined c. Other: FUZZY WITH SHARP CONTRAST

13. Did the subject: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Move slowly? Yes No Don't know
c. Move rapidly? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off beams? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 9 -

The image provided appears to contain a form or questionnaire from the U.S. Air Force, likely related to a UFO sighting or report. There is no photograph or image present in this particular document, only the text and handwritten responses to the questions.

Performing OCR (Optical Character Recognition) on the text in the document, the output is as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
MO IT JUST WENT AWAY

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
CIRCLE ONE: YES / NO DON'T KNOW

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
CIRCLE ONE: YES / NO DON'T KNOW

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound VERY VERY LOUD
b. Color ORANGE-GREENISH-RED SHAPE RECTANGULAR

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a pencil at arm's length in line with the known object and note how much of the pencil is covered by the object. If you held the pencil at the length of your arm, how much of the pencil would have been covered by the object? NOT VERY MUCH

19. Draw a picture (here) that will show the shape of the object as you observed it. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you think are significant, such as wings, tail, lights, color, etc. Please be as accurate as possible in your drawing.

(Drawing included)

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a form that the observer has filled out.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 60 M.P.H.
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, say how far you think it was: 1/4 Mile
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Outdoors
c. In an automobile 
d. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. Near an airport?
d. In open country?
e. Flying over open country?
f. Other
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24a. What direction were you moving? Circle One: North South East West Northwest
24b. How fast were you moving? 343 MPH
24c. Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle One or More) a. Eyes b. Binoculars 
c. Sun glasses Yes Yes d. Telescope Yes
e. Windshield No f. Camera Yes
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which seems the most similar in appearance to the object which you saw. Please give details as to size, shape, color, etc.

JUST LETTz-_2 DOTS
ON IrT-

- page 11 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. However, there is no photograph present in this particular image. 

The text in the document is as follows:

Wright-Patt-30 Turnure/SAF-OICC, 13/19071/24 Aug 67

AUG 24 1967

Dear Mr. ----,

We reference your recent correspondence concerning your unusual observation. The description you submitted indicates the operation at the Goddard Space Flight Center in the past. These aircraft have been responsible for similar observations.

Between 10:00 p.m. June 17 and 1:15 a.m. June 18, 1967, an object was reported at times at varying altitudes, displaying a red-white blinking light associated with the motion of the aircraft.

Although we cannot identify your observation positively, we do believe this aircraft have been responsible for your sighting.

Sincerely,

LAURENCE J. YOUNG
Chief, Civilian Sightings Branch  
Community Relations Division
Office of Information
SAF-OICC
SAF-OICC
T. Turner
Coord by - SAF-OICC
Typed by - SAF-OICC
Reviewed by - SAF-OICC
Approved by - SAF-OICC
Stay by - SAF-OICC

- page 12 -

The image contains a photograph of an official U.S. Air Force document. The document appears to be a page from a UFO report or investigation file. The photograph shows a diagram with instructions for observers to identify the direction and movement of UFO sightings. There is also handwritten text at the bottom of the page.

OCR Output:
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the ground where the object was when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the ground where the object was when you last saw it. Place an "X" on the compass where you first saw it. Place a "Y" on the compass where you last saw it.
28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Handwritten text: Trianangular sighting only 06 sect

- page 13 -

The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present in this image. 

The text in the document is as follows:

UFO form continued -

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
NO 12/12/1967

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle one)  
YES No
If so, who? Give their names and addresses.

ANONYMOUS, FENDERNA

32. Please give all details about yourself.
NAME
ADDRESS
1821 MARYLAND AVENUE BALTIMORE 19, MARYLAND
TELEPHONE NUMBER
(301) 234-5037
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and where did you report this? FIR. DAN JONES LATE 12/12/1967

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force document titled "Official U.S. Air Force UFO Questionnaire".

Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the image:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire. 9 JANUARY 1967

35. Information only partially covered in the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 15 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a form titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" with various questions related to a reported UFO sighting, such as the date, time, location, and description of the object. However, the image does not contain any photographs.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

1. When did you see the object? 9 January 1967
2. Time of day: Hour 7 Minute 30
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. EST b. CST c. MST d. PST e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Near Sassafras River, Maryland
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 30 Minutes
5.1 How long in sight determined? By eye
5.2 When object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Overcast
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the sun located on you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In Front of you b. Behind you c. To the Right d. To the Left

- page 16 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a "FORCE UFO FORM" with various questions and checkboxes for the observer to fill out. There is no photograph present in this particular image.

FORCE UFO FORM
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Stationary
b. Moved slowly
c. Moved rapidly

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The shape of the object was: (Circle One)
a. Round or oval
b. Like a bright light
c. Irregular or blurred
d. Other ___________________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Come straight toward you? Yes No Don't know
b. Move away from you? Yes No Don't know
c. Move side to side? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash on and off? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 17 -

The image contains a photograph of a document titled "Official U.S. Air Force UFO". The document appears to be a form with various questions related to a UFO sighting, including whether the object disappeared, moved, or changed color. The witness has provided handwritten responses to the questions. There is also a sketch in the bottom right corner of the form depicting the shape of the observed object.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO
Page 3

13. Did the subject move, becoming something of any size, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)
Yes @ Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what:
[Handwritten response]

14. Did the subject move in front of or something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)
Yes @ Don't know
If you answered YES, then tell what:
[Handwritten response]

15. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: [Handwritten response]
b. Color: [Handwritten response]

16. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
[Handwritten response]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, fins, exhaust, etc. and indicate with an arrow the direction the object was moving.
[Sketch of object shape]

- page 18 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

UFO form continued

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In the business section of a city? 
c. In the residential section of a city?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. In an open field? 
g. Other ____________________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 Which direction were you moving? (Circle One) North South East West
24.2 How fast were you moving?
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Telescope Yes Yes
e. Binoculars Yes Yes
f. Other ______________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or item which would give the same approximate size to the object which you saw.
The object was about the size of a golf ball and moved at a constant speed and no change in direction and was not rotating.

- page 19 -

The image appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force study of unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The image does not contain any photographic content, but rather a diagram and associated text.

The text in the image reads:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was placed above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was placed when you last saw it. If it rose or fell during the observation, place a "C" on the corresponding part of the curve.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the observation.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a "UFO form continued" document.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.

31.1 Were anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 13
SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Eugene A. Dupont 1967

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. The text appears to be a handwritten response to a questionnaire titled "Official U.S. Air Force UFO".

OCR output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 2 June 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire as you have completed it.

A thing of should tell you have been seeing of late. It was something what can only be described as a very large black man-made machine, more of shape of a large hone with a cabin on it. We saw it very clearly for about fourteen to fifteen minutes as it moved to the east at a very fast rate of speed, so fast that it astonished both me and the two young men who were with me. It was moving so fast that it almost seemed to disappear in the distance as we watched it. We are all convinced that it was not of this earth-made, but must have been some kind of spacecraft from somewhere else. If it was something from this earth, no aircraft that I have seen or read of could move that fast. My brother has one seen it move with his own eyes, and we all agree as to what we saw. I hope this information will be of some help to you in your investigation.

- page 22 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document related to a UFO observation.

The text in the document is as follows:

"TDET/UFO (Mrs) Quintanilla/70916/mba/3 Aug 67
UFO Observation, 17 June 1967

Bendix Flight Operations
Salisbury Airport
Salisbury, Maryland 21801

Our office has received a report of an unidentified flying object, over the Salisbury River in eastern Maryland, on the night of 17 June 1967. Request information on any flights or other activity covered for Godman Space Center, which may have been observed in the northeastern Maryland area at approximately 2330 EDT, 17 June 1967. Your assistance is appreciated.

JAMES C. HOWARD, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems"

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image contains a handwritten UFO report form with text describing an observation, signed by someone named "Thanku, your".

As an OCR system, I will output the text found in the document:

UFO form continued

Dear - the vas happening - the noise was at first like a jet plane, then it increased to a roar, the plane was going east to west. I was near the Sassafras River in Maryland. I was facing north to get the best view. As it passed over I saw some thing that looked like aircraft flying but I wonder if it was the UFO.

I am waiting your further advise. 

Thanku, your

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

Proposed reply to letter from [information redacted] dated May 24, 1957 (sighting 6 June 57)

Reference your recent letter in which you requested information on an unidentified flying object. With the information which you submitted in your letter, it would be extremely difficult to offer an explanation on your observation. Essential data such as size, characteristics, maneuvers, and duration of sighting are quite important in a comprehensive evaluation.

Also, it is not possible for us to undertake an investigation into the cause or your observation, since your sighting occurred outside the limits of the United States.

The enclosed information on the Air Force's program on unidentified flying objects should be of interest to you. Thank you for bringing your observation to our attention. We hope that your visit to the United States is pleasant.

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Obio

Dear sir,

I am an Irish student residing in the United States for the summer. I am extremely interested in UFO's and prospects of an advanced scientific technology.

My father and I are excessively ineterested in the UFO mystory, and have read books and articles by prominent authors. We have carefully studied the UFO's disclosed in the news and seen TV programs about them. We feel that the time has now come for the truth to be revealed instead of the public being left in the dark. I realize the controversy and sensetional tendencies concerned in this field, but I sincerely believe that the authorities are withholding a great deal of information about the subject.

I would be eternally grateful for any literature, pamphlets, or data you could send me in regard to this matter. I assure you that I am a responsible student and will treat any information I receive with discretion. I am not a newspaper or magazine publisher and have no intention of publishing anything.

I hope you will give this matter your immediate attention. I will be glad to pay any mailing or copying costs involved. Thank you very much.

Yours sincerely,

- page 26 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It is a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON, D.C.

OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

December 22, 1957

Dear [Redacted],

This replies to your recent letter concerning the observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Without essential information, such as detailed flight characteristics, singularity or visibility of the phenomenon, or witnesses to corroborate the observation, this office is unable to conduct a scientific investigation. Had you contacted the UFO investigator at your nearest Air Force base immediately, an on-the-spot investigation would have been possible.

We hope the enclosed Project Blue Book report may be of help in identifying your observation.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachment: Durango, Colorado 53301

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, which is a handwritten letter.

Dear Sirs,

It was about 10:00 p.m. on the night of June 9, 1967, I have been rather reluctant to report this. I was looking up at the sky through my telescope. It was a clear night, and I just happened to see this object passing from east-west very fast. It was only in view for about three seconds. The shape was oblong, it was white with a blue haze around it. It would have been about the size of a Satellite crossing the sky. I am twelve years old. I have read about them many times, and I know I didn't imagine it. It was a hallucination, or anything.

Sincerely,
[Signature]

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a proposed reply to a letter regarding an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

Proposed reply to letter from 15 June 1967 (sightings 7 June)

Dear [redacted],

Reference your recent observation of an unidentified flying object. The Project Blue Book office has received information from [redacted] Air Force Base, Illinois, concerning your observation. If the base UFO investigator is able to determine what was responsible for the sighting, then the report is not forwarded to our office. The base investigator is in a much better position to quickly investigate sightings from your area than members of the Project Blue Book office.

If the Chanute AFB investigator found that an aircraft was in the immediate area making instrument landings, then this could have been what you observed. Such aircraft on instrument missions have been responsible for UFO sightings in the past.

If any airline craft had been in the area, our radar sensors and our aircraft crews would have certainly detected such an event. We have received no additional reports from your area on the date of your sighting.

B. Safrai 20 Jul 67

- page 29 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or report from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

Text transcribed from the document:

Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

The most interesting thing that happened to me on June 15, 1967 at Holy Trinity Church at Dayton from 11:30 to 12:30 was that a UFO was sighted by our entire class and it caused quite a sensation.
Our radio station WFLN reported it we gave them the details and they reported it all over the news paper also gave it to the local university. BUT it was a graphic report of some kind and when first seen about the size of a half dollar when seen at the police station it had grown to about fifteen feet in diameter and they report it to be dome shaped and the disc glare.

- page 30 -

The image contains a handwritten document with a sketch of a UFO-like object. There appears to be no photograph present in this particular page.

The text in the document reads as follows:

"December 29, 1966 
Dear sirs, 
I am enclosing some pictures of the UFO some people said it was a football with a long neck, but it was probably an egg-shaped silver color. Sincerely, 
P.S. - please reply

THIS IS THE OBJECT AS SEEN BY THE ENTIRE SCHOOL

NOTE: 
THESE ARE ALMOST EXACT DRAWINGS MADE BY GRADE SCHOOL CHILDREN. PAPER ON EXACT SIZE BEING CARRIED WHILE I WAS FLYING SCHOOL FLYING DISK. IT WAS A SILVER DISC THAT DROPPED SUDDENLY AND SLOWLY FLEW OVER HEAD."

- page 31 -

The image contains a diagram and handwritten text. The diagram appears to be a sketch or illustration of a UFO sighting, with various measurements and annotations describing the observed object. The text describes the UFO sighting and provides additional details, such as the UFO being "about 40 feet" in size and being "first sighted at about 3 miles away".

Transcription of the text in the document:

"Sir: the U.F.O. was a glance please tell me what it was. pattern like this:
80 feet
70 feet
U.F.O. (ABOUT 40 FEET) FIRST SIGHTED AT ABOUT 3 MILES AWAY
U.F.O. MOVED DOWN AND HOVERED ABOVE THE TREES
THERE IT BACKED OFF ABOUT 1/4 MILE
THEN IT MOVED DOWN SLOWLY BEHIND THE TREES"

- page 32 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a technical drawing or diagram related to UFO sightings and reporting. The diagram appears to be an "Official U.S. Air Force" form or document, with instructions and questions for the viewer to fill out based on their observations of a UFO sighting.

Transcribed text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the ground time to show how high the object was above the horizon (azimuth) where you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, how many were there? Show the direction that they were traveling, and put an arrow to show the direction they were moving.

- page 33 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE 
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
WASHINGTON, D.C. 

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO 	11 July 67

SUBJECT: UFO Observation  17 June 67

TO: PHILADELPHIAN, PA.

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached AFD Form 164 u/envelope and return to the Air Force.

JOHN C. MARTIN, Col., USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 34 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically a UFO form that was continued.

OCR Output:
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time of the sighting? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses. brother and sister

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

LAST NAME: REDACTED
FIRST NAME: REDACTED
ADDRESS: REDACTED, CATONSVILLE, PA.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: REDACTED
AGE: 21 SEX: F

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day: Month: Year:

- page 35 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from an official U.S. Air Force document or report.

The text visible in the image is:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO Report
34. Does you completed this questionnaire? 18 June 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.
NOTE: PLEASE IS SMALL MATTER WHICH WAS SIGHTED. SIGHTING IS MINOR.

- page 36 -

The image contains a black and white photograph of what appears to be a UFO or unidentified aerial phenomenon. The object is shown in the center of the frame, hovering over a landscape. The image is part of a document titled "UFO form continued" and appears to be from the Project Blue Book archive.

UFO form continued
Page 3

- page 37 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a "Project Blue Book" UFO report document, specifically a U.S. Air Force technical information form.

Text extracted from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been created to get your information to the U.S. Air Force as much as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. The information that you give will be utilized by the U.S. Air Force in the study of this phenomena. Do not discuss or reveal the contents of this questionnaire or publications without your permission. We request this information only and may cannot further details.

1. When did you see the object?
10 June 1966

2. Time of day:
MIDNIGHT

3. Time Zones:
(Circle One):     1. Eastern
                2. Central 
                3. Mountain
                4. Pacific

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
PATAPSCO, PA.

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5-6 SECONDS

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
CLOCK

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
YES

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. NIGHT
b. CLEAR

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to you and the object?
(Circle One):   a. In front of you 
               b. Behind you
               c. To your right
               d. Don't remember

FORM ATZD 0CT39 154
This information is requested in the interest of National Security and may be disclosed only to authorized personnel

- page 38 -

The image contains a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" with various questions related to the observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO). There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image.

OCR Output:

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

8. If you saw the object at night, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. STARS (Circle One): 
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Same 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Cloudy
b. Hazy
c. Partly clouded
d. Overcast
e. Fog 
f. Mist or light rain
g. Clear
h. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One) 
a. Solid 
b. Light
c. Don't remember

11. If the object appeared to be a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: _______

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Appear to move slowly at any time? Yes No Don't know 
c. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
d. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
e. Split into parts? Yes No Don't know
f. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 39 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it shows a page from an official U.S. Air Force UFO report document. The document appears to be a questionnaire with various questions about the observed object, including whether it moved behind or in front of something, its color, and a request to draw a picture of the object.

Official U.S. Air Force UFO
Page 3
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching or did it hover?  Hovered out

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)         Yes         No         Don't know          If you answered YES, then tell what:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)         Yes         No         Don't know          If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape   Oval
b. Color   White bright
c. How close do you think the object was to the ground, held a match with an arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match length.   
Overhead

18. When you first saw the object, was it hovering, moving, or standing still? if you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object could have been covered by the match length.
Overhead

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object such as wings, tail, exhaust, etc. Indicate in your sketch the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing of elliptical object with lights or windows and a tail-like appendage]

- page 40 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a form that individuals filled out to report UFO sightings.

OCR output:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes Verv east

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes 1 mile of more

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. Outside
c. In an automobile
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the backyard of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Flying over open country?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North South East West
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you have any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Describe the object(s) through the following:
a. Eyeglasses Yes
b. Binoculars Yes 
c. Telescope No
d. Windshield No
e. Window glass No
f. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or an-other object which would possibly give some idea of the object which your saw.
t ♣ oart light a Ar

- page 41 -

The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a questionnaire titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" for individuals to provide information about an unidentified aerial phenomenon they have observed.

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please fill in the following questions as accurately as you can. If you need more space, please use the reverse side of this sheet. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? June 9, 1967
2. Time of day: 7:40 AM or P.M. (Circle One)
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other 
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Sassafras River, Maryland
5. How long was the object in sight? 4-5 Minutes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear, b. Bright, c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the Sun located in relation to the object? (Circle One) a. To your left, b. To your right, c. Overhead, d. Behind you.
8. If you saw the object, could you determine its size, speed, and distance? No. 
9. Who else saw the object? None.
10. There: a. No one with me, b. Others, but they did not see it, c. Others and they did see it.
11. If the object made any sound, describe it: No sound.
12. The object: a. Did not appear to be solid, b. Appeared to be solid, c. Glowed, d. Emitted smoke or steam, e. Broke up or exploded, f. Changed color, g. Moved erratically.

- page 42 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form titled "FORCE UFO FORM" which seems to be part of a report or document related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 2

1. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Stars clear 
b. Hazy
c. None
d. Don't remember

2. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
a. Clouds/(Circle One): Clear, Cirrus, Cumulus, Stratus, Cumulonimbus
b. Windy
c. Drizzle/rain/sleet/snow
d. Moderate or heavy rain
e. Thunderstorms
f. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. About the same
b. Dimmer

11.1 Describe its brightness to some common standards:

a. stars as reference

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Sharply defined
b. Fuzzy or blurred
c. Wavy
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:
a. Suddenly appear and/or disappear?
b. Move up, down, or sideways?
c. Change color?
d. Increase or decrease in size?
e. Break up into parts or explode?
f. Give off smoke, trail, or exhaust?
g. Give off light or glow?
h. Flash or flicker?
i. Disappear and reappear?

- page 43 -

The image contains an official U.S. Air Force document with a form to be filled out. There is no photograph present in this image. 

Official U.S. Air Force

13. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? (Circle One)
Yes No Don't know

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One)
Yes No Don't know

17. Fill in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape Bright white

18. How long did the object appear in the sky?
About 15 to 20 seconds

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation program.

Text transcribed from the document:

E. E. HOUGHTON & CO.
THE HOUGHTON LINE
304 WEST LEHIGH AVENUE - PHILADELPHIA, PA. 19133
June 29, 1967

Office to Investigate
Unidentified Flying Objects
U. S. Air Force
Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen:

I would like to report a phenomenon to you, and would appreciate
it if you know of some explanation. It occurred June 17, 1967.

At about 9:30 P.M. we were motoring along in a cove just above
Marsh Point on the Sassafras River, Md. It was one of the most
beautiful nights I have ever seen. The sky was clear, the stars
shining brightly, and the river like a mirror. Suddenly we
saw a series of perhaps 20 to 30 flashes in a diagonal pattern
across the sky. These flashed on and off, a second between each
flash. They were of a size and intensity about that of a planet
and proceeded from about directly above towards the horizon in a
very straight line. This was not like anything I have ever seen,
and then simply stopped about 45° above the horizon. The flashes
seemed to be some kind of unconventional lighting as I have tried
to convey to you. There were no colored lights, sounds, or any
other indicia of an aircraft.

I have attached a drawing. There were no colored lights, sounds
or other indicia of an aircraft. The entire phenomenon lasted
perhaps 20 to 30 seconds.

The only thing I can imagine, unless it is a "UFO", would be some
kind of test of such a missile type photograph.

If you know of an explanation I would appreciate hearing from you,
otherwise we will just have to file this away as a "UFO". Naturally I
wish there could be some plausible explanation that doesn't leave
one to speculate that doesn't have a common technical
explanation.

Very truly yours,
[Signature]

- page 45 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing a form with various questions related to a UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes (D No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? - 200 ft per sec
21. Can you describe the shape of the object you saw? (Circle One) D Circular - oval @ other _ circular 
If you answered YES, then how long would you say it was?  20 ft x 30 ft
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One) D Inside a building
D In a car
D Outside
D At an airport (fixed base)
D At an airport (mobile)
@ Other - sassafras River, Maryland
23. Were you (Circle One) @ In the business section of a city?
D In the residential section of a city?
D In the country?
D Near an airport?
D Fishing or hunting?
D Flying in an airplane?
D Other __
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 Approximately what speed were you moving? 65 mph
24.3 Did the object appear to be moving toward or away from you? (Circle One) Toward Away
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle appropriate answers)
a. Binoculars D Yes (D No
b. Telescope DYes  No
c. Windshield  Yes D No
d. Window glass DYes  No
e. Sighting tube Yes No
f. Theodolite D Yes  No
g. Other D Yes No
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common object or objects with which you would compare the size, shape, and color of the object which you saw.

a ball of blue light very bright

OCR output:

UFO form continued
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes  No 
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? - 200 ft per sec
21. Can you describe the shape of the object you saw? (Circle One)  Circular - oval @ Other - circular 
If you answered YES, then how long would you say it was?  20 ft x 30 ft
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)  Inside a building 
 In a car
 Outside
 At an airport (fixed base)
 At an airport (mobile)
@ Other - Sassafras River, Maryland
23. Were you (Circle One) @ In the business section of a city? 
 In the residential section of a city?
 In the country?
 Near an airport?
 Fishing or hunting?
 Flying in an airplane?
 Other __
24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. South d. West
24.2 Approximately what speed were you moving? 65 mph
24.3 Did the object appear to be moving toward or away from you? (Circle One) Toward Away
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: (Circle appropriate answers)
a. Binoculars  Yes  No
b. Telescope Yes  No
c. Windshield Yes  No
d. Window glass Yes  No
e. Sighting tube Yes  No
f. Theodolite  Yes  No
g. Other  Yes No
26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the common object or objects with which you would compare the size, shape, and color of the object which you saw.

a ball of blue light very bright

- page 46 -

The image contains a diagram that appears to be part of a Project Blue Book UFO report document. The diagram includes a sketch and a compass-like illustration, likely used for observers to indicate the relative position and movement of any observed objects. However, there is no photograph present in this particular page.

Official U.S. Air Force

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object appeared above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curved line to show how high the object appeared above the horizon when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and give an estimate of the direction that they were traveling.

- page 47 -

The image provided does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically form continued.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses. 
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
ADDRESS:
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent. 
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

- page 48 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It shows an "Official U.S. Air Force UFO" form with handwritten text in the response area. However, there is no photograph present in this particular image.

OCR Output:
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 
May 9, 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a summarization of your thinking.
On the evening of May 8, 1967, my wife and I observed a strange, bright light in the sky over our home near the Sassafras River in Maryland. The light appeared to be in the shape of a somewhat elongated oval and was glowing with an intense white-yellowish color. It remained stationary in the sky for several minutes, and then suddenly shot off at a tremendous rate of speed, disappearing from view within seconds. Neither my wife nor I have ever seen anything quite like this object before, and we are at a loss to explain what it was. We are both convinced, however, that it was not a conventional aircraft or other known object. It appeared to be some sort of unidentified flying object. We would be most interested in learning if anyone else in the area reported a similar sighting on that evening.

- page 49 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather an official U.S. Air Force document titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR" with various questions and fields for the observer to fill out regarding their sighting of an unidentified aerial phenomenon.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR
AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena which you have observed. Please try to answer the general questions as completely as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used to assist in our continuing study of these phenomena.

1. When did you see the object? 12:47 - 12:52 AM
2. Time of day: A.M. or P.M.? 12:47 - 12:52 AM
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? A RIVERSIDE ROAD ABOUT 22 MILES SOUTH OF SALISBURY, MD. 
5. How long did the object or objects appear in the sky? (Total Duration) 5 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? WRISTWATCH
5.2 Was observer's sight continuously? No
6. What was the condition of the sky? CLEAR
a. Bright b. Slight Overcast c. Hazy d. Raining e. Snowing
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located in relation to you and the object? (Circle One) a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To your right d. To your left e. Don't remember

- page 50 -

The image shared contains a "Force UFO Form" document. There is no photograph present in this image. 

FORCE UFO FORM
8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One) a. Solid b. Transparent c. Vapor
11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (Circle One) a. Brighter than the brightest star b. Not as bright as the brightest star
11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT.
12. THE SHAPE OF THE OBJECT WAS: (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred b. Sharply outlined c. Changing d. Don't remember
13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle appropriate answers) a. Appear at one point and disappear? b. Suddenly appear and gradually fade out? c. Move in a straight line? d. Move in an irregular course? e. Move at a steady speed? f. Speed up and slow down? g. Silently? h. With sound? i. Disappear and reappear?

- page 51 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It contains a form titled "Official U.S. Air Force" with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object. There is no photograph present on this page.

The text in the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
IT TWINKLED AND WENT OUT ABRUPTLY

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One)    Yes     No    Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what.
IT MOVED BEHIND SOME TREES

16. Did the object come in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)    Yes      No    Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what. 
IT CAME OUT FROM BEHIND SOME TREES - WENT BACK BEHIND THEM

17. Tell the details of the following things about the object:
a. Sound 
STRONG HUMMING SOUND
b. Shape 
ROUND AND FUZZY
c. Size 
APPEARED ABOUT 20 FT IN DIAMETER
d. Color
LIGHT GRAY OR WHITE
e. Number
ONE

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match with its end at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match?
I 14 TH   OF    MATCH

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you can recall, such as the approximate size, proportions, etc., and indicate the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing of a round, fuzzy object with some handwritten notes]

- page 52 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically a form titled "UFO form continued" from Project Blue Book. The form contains various questions related to the sighting of a UFO, such as the estimated size of the object, the observer's location, and details about the movement and appearance of the object.

UFO form continued
Page 4

29. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what would you estimate?  12 seconds for the time it was visible.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 100 feet

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. In an airplane (type?)
d. On the ground

23. Were you:
(Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 Direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. South
c. East
d. West

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop the vehicle while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object: through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
Yes No
b. Sun glasses
Yes No
c. Telescope
Yes No
d. Windoq glass
Yes No
e. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture of what you saw, describe in your own words, as nearly as possible, the common object or objects which would most nearly compare in shape, size, and general appearance with what you observed.

(Handwritten response)

- page 53 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is a photograph on the left side of the page, which appears to be a diagram or sketch showing the directions and movement of an unidentified object.

The text in the image is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the course line to show how high the object was. Place an "N" on the compass to show where the object first came into view. If there is a "B" on the course line, place it where you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

The text and diagram appear to provide instructions for observers to record their observations of unidentified flying objects, including their location, direction of movement, and number of objects observed.

- page 54 -

There is no photograph present in the image shared. The image appears to be a page from an official U.S. Air Force UFO report document.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 13 JUNE 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered by the specific points of this questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

WAS TRAVELING IN SASSCAFRAQ RIVER NEAR BRUNE , MARYLAND ABOUT 1100 HOURS ON 13 JUNE 1967 WHEN AN OBJECT DESCRIBED AS A ROUND , SILVERY DISC ACCOMPANIED BY A SMALLER DISC HOVERED OVER WATERS APPROXIMATELY 50 YARDS AWAY OBSERVED OBJECT FOR 10 15 MINUTES AS IT ASCENDED INTO THE CLOUDS TO THE NORTH. IT ASCENSUALLY DISAPPERED . SPARKS EMITTED FROM SMALLER OBJECT.

- page 55 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image contains a handwritten sketch and some text describing an observed event.

The text on the image reads:

June 17, 1967
About 10:30 PM EDT
Clear - very few clouds -
Partial Moon

Bright
About 20-30 flashes
Fainter

Sassafras River
Marsh Pt.
Easterly
Not to scale

- page 56 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The text on the document appears to be a questionnaire or form that the witness has filled out, providing information about the UFO sighting.

UFO FORM CONTINUED
30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object, before? If so, give date, or dates and location. 11-22-62, 7:30 P.M., SASSAFRAS RIVER, MARYLAND
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you said "yes", did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses. [redacted]
32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted] 
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 15 SEX: M 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? PARENTS

- page 57 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

WE WERE NOT FOR A VISIT WALK IN THE AREA AT THE EVENING. ALL THIS IS VERY QUIET. THEY WERE ON THE OPPOSITE BANK OF THE RIVER HERE: 2 BEAUTIFUL CRAFT SHAPED  SPARKS FELL AROUND THE 2 POWER POLES. AT FIRST I'D THINK  I'D SOMEONE BENDING OFF FENCEPOST FIREWORKS FORCENTLY FALL, BUT WHEN I'D WATCHED I SEEN THERE WERE NO POWER THROUGH THOSE WIRES OR STARS PASSING THAT WAY WHEN FINALLY THEY WENT OUT. THE SPARKS FELL AROUND THE POLES ABOUT 2 FEET HIGH AND LAST 3 OR 4 SECONDS EACH TIME.

- page 58 -

The image contains a diagram that appears to be from a project blue book document. The diagram shows a circular field with various angles and markings, likely used for tracking or charting the movement of UFOs or other aerial objects. There is no photograph present in this image.

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE UFO
27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the side toward the object when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the side toward the object where you last saw it. Place the horizon (skyline) where you saw it from your location. 

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and an "arrow" showing the direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?...Draw a picture of how they were traveling, and put an "A" on the direction that they were traveling.

- page 59 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book.

Using OCR, the text found in the document is as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before, if so give date or dates and location.
                Yes        No
31. If yes, where and when did you see the object? (Circle One)
31.2 Please state their nature and action:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
ADDRESS: Portland, 97213 Oregon
TELEPHONE# AGE: 14 SEX: Female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? Our parents 1-30-67
(Date)

- page 60 -

The image contains a filled-out Air Force document, but does not contain any photographs. I will proceed to extract the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force U

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 15 June 1967

35. Information which is real, pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I was not sure exactly what I saw, but when I called a radio station in my car, they reported having several other calls about strange lights in the sky that matched my observation. The lights were a color that seemed to change or pulsate, and were maneuvering in the sky. I could not identify them as a specific known type of aircraft.

P.S.
I'm the radio station KEX Phone number: 288-6371
I became called & reported having seen some UFOs.
I man called & reported having seen some UFOs.
I other people called & reported having seen UFOs.
Tonight: On changed 3 radar station saw & said what they saw the other people was there.
There were quite a few people who all called & said they saw something.

- page 61 -

The image contains a handwritten document titled "UFO form continued". There does not appear to be any photographs or images present in this particular page.

Transcribing the text from the document:

I heard that a woman claimed that on June 11, 1957 at about 10:30 am, a UFO was sighted over the Sassafras River in Maryland, USA. The woman said that the object was very large and made no sound. She also said that it hovered at about 500 feet altitude and that it had a triangular shape.

"And if you want to publicise that I have any connection, contact me soon, if you know who I am. Anything please."

Sincerely yours,
[Signature redacted]

- page 62 -

The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document. It does not contain any photographs, only a form filled out by the observer. 

Here is the text transcribed from the form:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE UFO OBSERVATION REPORT

1. When did you see the object? 16 JUNE 1967
2. Time of observation: (Circle One) DAYLIGHT 

3. Time zone: (Circle One) Eastern Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? PORTLAND, OREGON

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 3-4 minutes

5.1 How was the time determined? ESTIMATE

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? YES 

6. What was the position of the sky? a. NIGHT
   b. CLOUDY

7. If object was in motion, where was it located at the object? (Circle One) b. To your left

FTD CGF 21-64

The form appears to be completed by an observer who saw a UFO sighting in Portland, Oregon on June 16, 1967. The sighting lasted approximately 3-4 minutes and was made under cloudy night conditions.

- page 63 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document, specifically a "FORCE UFO FORM" used to collect details about UFO sightings.

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. Normal
b. More
c. Less
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Scattered Clouds
c. Thick or heavy clouds
d. Don't remember

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Calm
b. Light wind
c. Moderately windy
d. Strong wind
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Stationary
b. As a light
c. Rapidly moving
d. Variable

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. About the same
c. Dimmer

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Brighter than a car

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Sharply defined
b. Slightly fuzzy
c. Very fuzzy
d. Other

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know 
b. Suddenly speed up or slow down? Yes No Don't know
c. Change in brightness? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change direction? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 64 -

The image contains a simple sketch or drawing of a saucer-shaped object with an elongated dome on top. The drawing is provided as part of a Project Blue Book UFO report form, which includes various questions about the observed object.

Text from the document:

Is did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It went down.
Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? No
Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? No
Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound none
b. Color white - white
18. We wish to know the angular size, height or length in line with a known object and note how much of the known object it covered. If you have performed this measurement, state how it was done. Approx. 2 degrees at arms length.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you can remember, such as colored lights, protrusions, etc., and especially note the proportion of length, height, etc. Picture is shown in the image.

- page 65 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a form with various questions related to a UFO sighting.

UFO form continued
Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) About as fast as a jet

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Less than a mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One) a. In the business section of a city
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In a rural area
d. Rlave an observatory
e. Please specify:

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions.
24.1 What direction were you moving? 
24.2 From what point did you first observe the object?
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
(Circle One)
a. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Telescope Yes No
e. Windstorm No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the scene and incident from the time you first sighted the object until it disappeared or you lost sight of it.
A distant light, somewhat elongated, moving rapidly and erratically at great speed, appearing and disappearing at intervals.

- page 66 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force technical information questionnaire about an unidentified aerial phenomenon that was observed.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information you give will be kept confidential and will be used only in connection with your case. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?        17 June 1967
2. Time of day: About 10:30  
3. Time Zone: (Circle One) a. Eastern
4. Where were you when you saw the object? 1 1/2 miles downriver from Georgestown, Md. on the Sassafras River

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)  10 to 30 seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
     a. DAY                   Clear 
     b. NIGHT                 Clear
     c. Hazy                  
     d. Partly Cloudy
     e. Overcast

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?  
    (Circle One): a. In front of you
                 b. Behind you
                 d. To your left
                 e. To your right

- page 67 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text describing a sighting of an unidentified flying object.

The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

June 19, 1967

This observer informed me of an unidentified flying object sighted on the night of June 16, 1967 at 11:35 P.M.

Statements:
States were several bright objects ascending and descending at the same time - at high speed. He figured there were about a dozen or more. They would go up and down, hover, then shoot off in one direction and then another - never traveling in a straight line. They made no sound - were not blinking lights of any sort and appeared to be round in shape. Suddenly, some would simply disappear from sight. At times, they would be stationary for a few seconds, then dart off again at terrific speed. At the same time, another group of about the same number would appear in a different part of the sky and repeat the same maneuvers. He watched them for over an hour - they were visible all during this time and he had his wife and children also watching them. He is certain of what he saw and is a reliable and rational person.

- page 68 -

The image appears to be a handwritten document. There is no photograph present in this image.

Transcripting the text in the document:

It was dark these split around rectangular for about 5 seconds in the southwestern low standing The object seemed round or oval gradually side maneuver upward in direction until suddenly made a right angle upward and disappearTh next thing extremely rapidly lost to the right off this man it seemed and totally disappeared into the distance -thats all observed and the object then appeared as two points of light which grew in size and became brighter in the sky and then the field of vision faded is mantion the the object as we seen. Two witnesses described as like an eastern direction the other witness a reddish orange lights glow came out from the outline of the object and then this phenomenon was again obscured as the object moved off.

- page 69 -

The image contains a form titled "OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION" used to collect information about unidentified flying objects. The form includes various questions about the sighting, such as the time, location, duration, and description of the object. However, there is no photograph present in this particular page.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This form can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified flying object that you have observed. This information will be studied, and, if it is considered necessary, additional reports or publications will be requested without your permission. We request that this personal information remain in confidence between you and the Air Force.

1. When did you see the object? 
JUNE 9, 1967

2. Time of day:
10:50 P.M. (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One) 1. Eastern 2. Central 3. Mountain 4. Pacific

4. Where did you see the object?
Sassafras River, Maryland

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5 - 10 minutes

5.1 How was object first observed?
Just a guess

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes

6. What were the condition of the sky? 
a. Clear
e. Hazy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. Behind you b. Off to one side c. Overhead

FTD GCT AS 164 This form supersedes FTD GA. Jul 43, which is obsolete.

- page 70 -

The image shows a "FORCE UFO FORM" with various questions and answer options related to the sighting of unidentified flying objects. There does not appear to be any photograph included in this particular page.

As an OCR system, the text I can extract from this document is:

FORCE UFO FORM
Page 3
9. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
a. STARS/Circle One)
b. Moon

10. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Partly cloudy
c. Overcast
d. Scattered clouds
e. Haze or heavy storm

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. Don't remember

12. The size of the object was:
(Circle One)
a. Very small, like a star
b. Small
c. Medium
d. Don't remember  

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to be standing still
b. Move slowly
c. Move rapidly
d. Disappear and reappear?

- page 71 -

The image shows a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The page appears to be a form with various questions related to an unidentified flying object sighting. There is no photograph included in this particular page.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something or any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:
The object hid behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound: no sound
b. Color: white
c. Size: appeared about 15 feet long
d. Number: Appeared to be only one object

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or pencil's length in line with a known object and note the size of the object compared by the match stick. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the match stick would the object have covered?
Unknown

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that may be pertinent to show the direction the object was moving.
The object appeared to be a cigar-shaped or elliptical craft moving in a westerly direction at a high rate of speed, climbing slightly from west to east.

- page 72 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a UFO sighting report form.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what would you estimate?
________________________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
________________________________

22. Where did you first observe the object? (Circle One)
a. Indoors
b. In a car 
c. On foot
d. Other ___________________________

23. What was the duration of sighting?
________________________________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:

24.1 Which direction were you moving? (Circle One) North South East West
24.2 Approximately what speed were you moving? ________________________________
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle all that apply)
a. Binoculars b. Camera c. Telescope d. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe, in your own words, a common object or appearance which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
________________________________

- page 73 -

The image contains a diagram and instructions related to reporting unidentified flying objects (UFOs) as part of Project Blue Book, a former US Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings. There is no actual photograph present in this image, only the diagram and text.

TEXT OUTPUT:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "X" on the curved line to show how high the object appeared in the sky. Also, if the object appeared to change position, draw a line to show the direction of travel.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "X" at the beginning of the path, and "0" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 74 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report form, filled out by an observer.

UFO form continued
30. Have you ever seen this or a similar object before. If so, give date or dates and location.
31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NO.: [Redacted]
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Dashed lines of interest: height and shape formation, close observation, rapid flight, rapid maneuver.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
M* 27, 1967 to Lt [Redacted] 342nd CA Bn (ADA) at Suitland, Maryland.

- page 75 -

The image shows a black and white photograph of an "Official U.S. Air Force" document. The document appears to be a questionnaire or form, with various fields and handwritten text. There is no clear photographic image of any objects or phenomena on this page, only the text of the form.

OCR Output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:  15 Aug 57
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire as a matter of explanation of your sighting:

Call three of us went out on the woods on our camp in Sassafras River, Maryland about 2 mile from here at about 9:00 PM. The object came from the south east very fast and climbed straight up and was out of sight in a few seconds. It was round and very bright and made no sound. All we three saw it and it always is very strange and hard to explain that sight.

- page 76 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that lists various UFO sightings and observations between June 19-25, 1967.

DATES
LOCATION
OBSERVER (PHOTOS)
EVALUATION
19
Excelsior, Minnesota
(PHOTOS)
INSUFFICIENT DATA
20
Denver, Iowa
INSUFFICIENT DATA
20
Davidson, Ohio, Maine
INSUFFICIENT DATA
20
Tulelake, California
Multiple
21
Tonawanda, New York
Multiple
22
Tulsa, Oklahoma
Multiple
23
Las Vegas, Nevada
Multiple
23
Clearfield, Pennsylvania
Multiple
23
Muncie, Indiana
Multiple
23-24
Maywood, Illinois
Multiple
24
Casselton, Oregon
(PHOTOS)
INSUFFICIENT DATA
25
McConnellsburg, Pennsylvania
(PHOTOS)
AIRCRAFT
OBSERVATIONS (INSUFFICIENT DATA)
25-30
Manchester, Pennsylvania
Multiple
AIRCRAFT (AIRCRAFT)
OBSERVATIONS (INSUFFICIENT DATA)
26
Port Lavaca, Colorado
AIRCRAFT
OBSERVATIONS (INSUFFICIENT DATA)
26
Austin, Texas
Multiple
26
Van Nuys, California
Multiple
26
Daggett, California
Multiple

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)
12
Suffolk County AFB, New York
Green 164;
20
Erie, Pennsylvania
Green 164;
20
Lansing, New York
Green 164;
20
South Bend, Indiana
Green 164;

- page 77 -

The image does not contain any photographs, it appears to be a page from a document or report. I will proceed to act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. Bright
b. A few
c. Many 
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Full 
b. Crescent
c. Bright moonlight
d. His moon light - pitch dark

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
e. Dry
f. Fog, mist, or light rain
g. Moderate or heavy rain
h. Snow
i. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Luminous
d. As a light

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: BRIGHTEST STAR IN THE EVENING SKY = VENUS

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Other ________
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly appear and then disappear at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off sparks? Yes No Don't know  
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know
h. Increase and then decrease in size? Yes No Don't know

- page 78 -

The image appears to contain a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no photograph present on this particular page. 

Transcribing the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Faded (in)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
If you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. 
If you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound no
b. Color Bright white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the known object and note how many times this measurement at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? ABOUT 5 times smaller Size of Venus to start

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Please do not include the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

like a bright star

- page 79 -

