PROJECT 1007/3 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
22 Oct 67  23/0582

2. LOCATION
BELLEROSE, NEW YORK  (3 Witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
NW

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒No

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRAFT WITH ELECTRICAL ADVERTISING SIGN)
Description seems consistent with a conventional aircraft pulling
an electrical aerial advertising sign.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted an object with flashing lights. There were
full lines of white lights that flashed from left to right on
an angle. A single red and green light were on each side of
the UFO and were steadily lit. Observer said it looked like a
Broadway Marquee. The object came from the east then turned
NW. It appeared to be following a conventional aircraft in
the NW direction.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Not entirely. I saw it longer than the others, and had the opportunity to observe it without interruption. If went to the left (behind trees), it still flashed bright, then slowly faded away.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: Yes, it moved behind trees.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know   If you answered YES, then tell what in front of: Not while I could see it.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - none
b. Color - Dull reddish-green light on the left side of it.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
1/10 of the full size.
* It was quite close.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing of several circular/oval shapes with directional arrows]

NOTE: SOMETIME BETWEEN 2 & 3, THE OBJECT SEEMED TO LUNGE, because at that time, I do not know it if was moving stationary or just moving about. Between stages I & 2 it seemed to zip up or down.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? I could only compare it to planes circling in the area

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far would you say it was? About the same distance as surface to air flight. Maybe 1/2 mile or 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other looking from front porch

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other mostly looked

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten response in this section, partially illegible]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, c "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
c/11/66 (East)
(N.E.)
Time Passed
(West)
Clouds
(only I could
see it)

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Partially illegible text in this section]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Edgar Pena (U.S. Coast Guard)
lives in New Orleans, was (exact address illegible)
[Other names appear to be blacked out]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Last Name, First Name, Middle Name blacked out]
ADDRESS [Street address blacked out] Bellerose, NY
TELEPHONE NUMBER [blacked out]   AGE 24   SEX Female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
I study strictly on my own: Vietnam, its people, its war, culture, medical parasitology (basic), medical pathology (basic), Scottish literature, entomology, sociology, etc.
I am a composer-very typical in the publication dept. as proof-reader also.
(An ex-ballet dancer)
"No outstanding experience."

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Day, Month, Year sections appear to be blank]
The Air Force
16 May 1967
at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Date fields are blank]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

As the UFO was turning out of or at sight, it appeared to be following a plane track a safe distance. It was the day time, I believe in the "PM".

It seemed to me that no other aircraft, helicopter, or object was already acquired within its track.

The most remarkable feature of the UFO was its passing. It was not that way were just got out of sight - its motion was so precise and smooth... that its lights alternated its lines, maybe in words, or letters or -?

My only regret is that I did not make a camera. It might perhaps a photo could have been more helpful.

I hope you still in this sighting consideration, we were all most sincere in the sighting.

Perhaps this sighting could be referred to Dr. Jack of NASA or their study.

[Concluding or signature area is partially obscured]


- page 6 -

Page 8

Since my first sighting in 60's, I have long habitual watched the sky...

About 3-4 hours do, I was sitting in living room at 1st floor & 5th St. in Jacks. It was sitting like sun slow and wavy. (Time: approx. between 1 & 2 dark or light) Looking about, I suddenly saw next to fill apartment house towards a bit as high A side. The first thing I noticed was its shape. It was flying slowly, very slowly, then give me time to sit it dead, give...

I see no light or any kind nor visible on it, telling a note at exact, to go about 4 of it and be it idle.

2. I later reported this sighting, but I felt I lack additional information. (Direction, date, time, etc.)

But too many people who do witness, won't fail to report when I did them or another.

I shall report it as accurately possible, I promise!


- page 7 -

TDBF (UFO) Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/mhs/14 Jun 68

UFO Observation, October 22, 1967

Bellerose, New York 11428

1. Reference your undated letter regarding the evaluation on your unidentified observation of October 22, 1967.

2. You may be interested in the enclosed information on aerial advertising observations. The newsclipping from the "Sunday Oklahoman," April 9, 1967 issue, and the letter from the Wabash Valley Aviation Co., of Lawrenceville, Illinois, illustrates how electrical advertising can be misinterpreted as unidentified flying objects. I hope that this additional information will answer any questions you had on your observation.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
Info on Aerial Advertisers


- page 8 -

Bellerose, New York
11428

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:    (see address above)

SUBJECT:    UFO observation - October 22, 1967

to:         TDPT (UFO)

1) This is in reference to your letter dated March 18, 1968 concerning my sighting of 9/22/67.

2) If the sighting was an electrical advertising sign,
   a. Wouldn't the sign say something? (something in the order of whatever it was advertising for) . . . not just a definite pattern of flashing lights.
   b. Where was the aircraft that was towing the electrical advertising sign at the beginning of the sighting?
   c. Why was the electrical advertising sign approx. ½ mile behind stated aircraft? (wouldn't that make for hazardous air travel?)

3) I am not trying to disprove your explanation but only illuminate mine . . . because I am not satisfactorily convinced of the one you submitted.

Thank you very kindly,
[Signature]


- page 9 -

TGPT (UFO) Maj Quintanilla/70916/mns/16 Mar 68
UFO Observation, October 22, 1967

Bellerose, New York 11428

1. This replies to your correspondence on your unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting of October 22, 1967.

2. We feel that you probably observed an aircraft towing an electrical advertising sign. The description you provided is very similar to past cases that we have received on observations of electrical aerial advertising signs.

3. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Special Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

MAR 18 1968 (date stamp in top right corner)


- page 10 -

TDEV/UFO(Maj Quintanilla)/7916/mh/3 Nov 67)
Aerial Advertising Planes

Newark Airport
Newark, New Jersey 07102

1. The Aerial Phenomena Branch is investigating an unidentified
Flying Object (UFO) observation of 22 October 1967 from Bellerose,
New York. The description of the object is consistent with that
of an Aerial Advertising plane with an electrical sign.

2. Information on whether there were any advertising planes in
the area would be helpful in our evaluation.

3. We have enclosed a listing of aerial advertising planes that
operate in the Eastern Region which may be of use to you.

4. Thank you for any assistance you can provide on this observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Aerial Advertising Listing


- page 11 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, October 22, 1967

TO: Bellrose, New York 11428

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific investigation. Reg. set you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and ret it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT BLUEBOOK
c/o Wright-Patterson AFB,
OHIO

GENTLEMEN:

On the evening of October 22, 1967 [Sunday], at approximately 8:00 p.m., I, Yvonne, my sister and mother, and cousin Edgar Pena of the U.S. Coast Guard witnessed an unidentified flying object.

I was looking out of my window that evening [waiting for someone] and saw an object with flashing lights. It came from the east and was headed west. To the left of my window, there are some very large trees that the object "shifted" behind. NOTE: There was no sound and it moved sideways - all this while the lights were visible and flashing. I then called my sister. By the time she came, the UFO moved right again, to the full visibility of us both. The UFO then proceeded to move left again (my sister then went to call my cousin and mother to view it) and appeared to be following a "conventional aircraft" in a southwest direction. Due to the lateness of the hour, no shape of the UFO was determinable. It was quite close to the earth and was analogous to the size of a train car in width.

I will try to re-enact the sighting and position.

We were all most sincere in our sighting and would appreciate a confirmation of the UFO - or whether it was an "experimental aircraft". However, we will not accept MARSH GAS as an answer or possible solution.

[A blank diagram with cardinal directions (EAST, WEST, NORTH, SOUTH) is present]

*The flashing lights were not singularly going off and on. There were full lines of white lights that flashed from left to right on an "angle". A single red and green light was on, such side of the UFO and were steadily lit. FROM A DISTANCE I THOUGHT IT WAS LIKE THE BROADWAY MARQUEE THAT BROADCASTS THE DAILY NEWS.


- page 13 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
22nd October 1967

2. Time of day:
7 : 58
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Street address redacted] Street, Bellerose, New York

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
2 Hours Minutes Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
[Partially illegible text]

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes ✓ No [Additional handwritten notes partially illegible]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright [with a] mist, cloud
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy [additional handwritten notes]

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight -- pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky (with cloud, to extreme)
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light -- as a combination of lights
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
"the center white" light was similar to those on aircraft (street lamp, searchlight, etc.) maybe

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: indeterminable
due to its position & lighting
it was hard to make out details
be could change

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes 2 No
Yes 2 No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No
Yes   No

Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know
Don't know


- page 15 -

