PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP
22 Mar 67   1520Z

2. LOCATION
Youngstown, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
unknown

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
unknown

7. COURSE
unknown

8. PHOTOS
[X] Yes
[ ] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Case: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Photo: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
There is no information on the sighting. Observer stated that he took 3 pictures of the object. The original negatives were requested but were never forwarded.

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

The text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. The image contains a photograph within a white border showing some trees and what appears to be a dark, elongated object in the sky above the trees. The rest of the page is a blurry, dark background with varying shades of gray and black.


- page 2 -

Boardman, Ohio

Developed by [redacted], a
neighbor.

Youngstown, Ohio 44512


- page 3 -

Dear Sir:

On March 22, 1967 at 10:20 A.M., 
el took three pictures of this object 
on North Cadillac in Boardman, Ohio.

I am sending one of these pictures 
taken of the object and have the 
negatives.

Please study this picture and 
send a reply. If the picture sent 
will not satisfactory, the negative and 
two remaining pictures are available 
at your request.

Sincerely,

CC: PH
WC: TD

Youngstown, Ohio
44512

Non admits
st lien figure


- page 4 -

PENDING                                                22 March 67
SAF-OICC/Mrs Cassel/bp/T9079/31 May 67
Boardman Thur

MAR 31 1967

Dear [redacted]:

This explains to your recent letter concerning your photographs of an alleged unidentified flying object (UFO).

The Air Force would be very interested in evaluating the film which you took. It will be necessary for you to have the original negatives and/or photos. Your film will be returned to you, undamaged, with our evaluation. Also, the following camera data is necessary:

a. Type and make of camera.
b. Type, focal length, and make of lens.
c. Brand and type of film.
d. Shutter and speed used.
e. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop.
f. Filters used.
g. Date, place and time photo was taken.

I sincerely hope you will forward your film and the above information in the enclosed envelope. Your cooperation in this matters would be appreciated.

Sincerely,

GEORGE P. FREEMAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachment:
Youngstown, Ohio 44512

COORDINATED By (Office Symbol, Name, Grade, Date):
SAIC-                 CC
[Additional routing/coordination notes partially illegible]


- page 5 -

This case includes
Five (5) 8x10 B&W Photos
One (1) 3x4 B&W Negatives


- page 6 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a bare tree in the foreground with a dark, irregularly shaped object hovering in the sky above the tree.


- page 7 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a dark, irregularly shaped object hovering in the sky above some bare trees. The object looks like a blurry, indistinct shape positioned in the upper right portion of the image.


- page 8 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a blurry, dark object (possibly a UFO) hovering above some bare trees in the foreground. The scene looks like a winter or early spring landscape with leafless trees and a stark, grayscale background.


- page 9 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a dark, irregularly shaped object hovering in the sky above some bare trees. The trees are silhouetted against a lighter background, creating a stark contrast. The object in the sky looks like a potential UFO or unidentified flying object.


- page 10 -

There is no legible text in this image. The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a dark, irregularly shaped object in the sky above some bare trees. The trees are silhouetted against a lighter background, and the object appears to be hovering or floating above them.


- page 11 -

