The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form.

PROJECT 10373 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP
10 JUN 67 11/01002
2. LOCATION
Enon, Ohio
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual
7. COURSE
unknown
8. PHOTOS
XX No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
XX No
10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, specifically a letter dated June 13, 1967 from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation on June 10, 1967.

The text in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO  

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 10 June 1967

TO: Mr. [Redacted]
Enon, Ohio 45323

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

(Signed)
F. JAMES C. MARANT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 2 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire filled out by an observer.

Text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as you can about any unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for such purposes as maintaining publication files and making further inquiries. If you have any personal information that you think might be of interest, please feel free to include it. Also, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? Saturday June 1967
2. Time of day: 7:00 Hour, 20 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Fairborn, Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimate
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One):
a. In front of you 
b. To your right
c. Behind you
d. To your left
e. Don't remember

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a questionnaire for an eyewitness account of a sighting.

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 
a. None  
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember  

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds  

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent 
c. Vapor
d. A as a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Other <name> plane - dark

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Sharply defined
c. Other Cape Clay

13. Did the object:
(Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and dart out of sight? Yes No Don't know
c. Make any sound? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a questionnaire-style format that the witness has filled out.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? it disappeared
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes - It moved behind a cloud
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? No
17. a. Sound - Silent
b. Color - White
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The text from the document is as follows:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Yes, disappeared
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: Cloud
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - Silent
b. Color - White
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a questionnaire or form related to a UFO sighting, with various questions about the observed object and the witness's location and vehicle.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city? W~3C
b. In a residential section of a city?
c. In a rural area?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) North South East West Northeast Northwest Southeast Southwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Circular shaped

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a diagram and text.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location. 
Uo

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 12 SEX M
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Redacted] 6-9 1967 FFD day cafe

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   [X]  Day   [ ]  Month   [ ]  Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The person reporting is a minor and some of this report seemed to be vague / considered.

- page 9 -

