The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record that documents a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP 2. LOCATION 
2/7/62 2022 LAKE CITY, PENNSYLVANIA
3. COMPLAINT
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2-3 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION 
Ground and Airborne (Visual) (TX)
7. COURSE
Toward east
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No
9. CONCLUSIONS
Possible (ATIC APT) 
No data presented to indicate object was not an aircraft.
10. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was oval shaped, and appear to have hazy edges. Object seems to have been from a white to a golden color. A yellowish light was seen through two portlights.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC), concerning a UFO observation report submitted on 24 January 1967 from Lake City, Pennsylvania. The document requests the recipient to complete a DD Form 164 and return it to the Air Force.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDE/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 24 Jan 67

TO: Mr. William M. Brown
Lake City, Pennsylvania 16423

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached DD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JACK C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
DD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. The text produced by the OCR system is as follows:

Cord 104

Lake City, Pa. 2-28-67

Gentlemen:

I would like to report what I believe to be the sighting of a U.F.O. over this area. On the night of February 23, 1967 at approximately 7:45 P.M., while I was driving home from work, I observed what appeared to be a very bright luminous object in the sky to the northwest of Lake City, Pennsylvania. The object was hovering motionless for several minutes and then began to move in a circular pattern, at times disappearing and reappearing. The object was a round, disc-shaped craft which appeared to have a brightly lit dome or cupola on top and a flashing red light on the bottom. It remained in view for approximately fifteen to twenty minutes before speeding away at a tremendous rate of speed in a southerly direction. I have never seen anything like this before and I am quite puzzled by what I observed. I would appreciate any information you might be able to provide regarding this sighting. Thank you for your attention to this matter.

Sincerely yours, 
[Redacted]

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with a table or chart-like structure.

TRANSCRIPTION:

I cannot say this thing has not much evidence of any kind, there seems to have been some discussion, but as yet no proof which I considered of sufficient importance to call the attention of the project, or command higher headquarters. I do not wish to be understood as casting any reflection as to the value of the reports - they were proper reports as they should be made, and those making them did their job in a worthy manner. I am, however, of the opinion that the case was one in which no positive identification could be made with certainty, and therefore it was not appropriate for project consideration.

1. Temperature  
2. Wind Speed  
3. Wind Direction  
4. Visibility  
5. Sky Condition  
6. Ceiling  
7. Precipitation  

P.S. I do not wish to infer that the evidence was Insufficient to warrant a report, my inference is that it was reportable, but the lack of definite identification did not warrant project consideration.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document with text describing a UFO sighting.

Gentlemen:

I am sorry that the investigation which you requested on March 8, 1967 at Lake City, Pennsylvania requires the preparation of this report. It is my duty here to determine the way in which this photograph which was taken and forwarded to you at approximately 7:00 p.m. on March 8, 1967 can be explained. Some local citizens who are well respected in this community have stated that what they observed in the sky was a small cloud or haze which suddenly appeared and as suddenly disappeared. Two of the persons present at the time stated that they could see a small light object which was hovering about the cloud. They further stated that this object moved in a random manner and then left the scene at a high rate of speed. Their description of the object and the way in which it moved in the sky tends to indicate that what they observed was not of a normal nature. The object, according to the persons who saw it, appeared to be approximately 15 to 20 feet in length and 2 to 3 feet in width. The object gave off no light but appeared solid in structure from their observation. I am at a loss to determine exactly what this object was or to offer any definite explanation for its appearance and disappearance. The individuals concerned are considered to be honest and reliable and I see no reason why they would attempt to fabricate or exaggerate this incident. I would appreciate any assistance or advice you could provide regarding this matter.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document or report describing an observation or encounter. 

The text in the document reads:

"Not estimated
The object remained in the sky for approximately 15 minutes. The moon was out, but the object did not appear to be on or near the moon, but rather in front of it. The object appeared to be high in the sky and stationary. The object looked like a small star, but was brighter. It seemed to flash or pulse slightly at regular intervals. I would say this object was 15 years old. The object looked like a small, white light and was observed for about 15 minutes before it disappeared."

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a handwritten document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Text output:

"201 seemed to be moving at the to the town of a Polk at a Lake City reported to have visited a Look and let them. They said that they seen the object stop, and that they could see it very plainly in the distance. The object would not be avon at through a 6 inch field glass and that the object seemed to be the size of a quarter held at arm's length. We moved up one of the observers but I got it back for a few minutes. Later a large cloud came in front of the moon. It was about 3 minutes when the cloud disappeared and then the object was nowhere in sight of the telescope. We looked for it in the area but could not find it. We do not know what happen to it. I am, greatly interest ed in the object of U.F.O."

P.s - These were reliable witnesses, in my opinion.

- page 7 -

