PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
16-17 Jun 67   16/0345Z

2. LOCATION
Chicago, Illinois

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
unknown

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
S-N

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Probable (AIRCRAFT/with advertising sign) ?

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

FTD SEP 68 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

UFOB (Maj Quintanilla)/709(4)mbs/25 Sep 67)
UFO Observation, 16 or 17 June 1967

Mil-waukee Airport Company
Wheeling, Illinois 60090

The Aerial Phenomena Branch is investigating an unidentified flying object sighting over Chicago, Illinois. The witness described the object as a convex on the top and bottom with squared off ends and glowing like a neon sign. The sighting occurred at approximately 10:45 pm on either 16 or 17 June.

Information on whether your planes were flying in the Chicago area on either of these dates, or if some other identifying planes that you know of, were in the area at the time would be helpful in our investigation. The inclosed self-addressed envelope is for your convenience in replying.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
Envelope

Not authorized - [signature]


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Handwritten at top: "Recd. Caught with advertising" and "16-17 June 67"]

Chicago, Illinois
August 22, 1967

Commanding Officer
Aerospace Technical Intelligence Center
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

My Dear Sir:

Perhaps you have already received letters about this, but I had not been aware that these was any agency actively gathering data on this phenomenon, until I mentioned it to some friends and they suggested I write you.

On approximately June 16th or 17th, I was walking my dog at about 10:45 PM going east on my street. There was a search light beam playing in the sky to the east-southeast, the type used in searchlight display. I noticed, opening my field of vision to the corner of Kildare Avenue and at that point I noticed another light (on 1/4 mile shape) traveling from south to north. I looked at it because of its odd shape, but became really interested when it reached a point to the north, and then without stopping or changing shape or color in any way, reversed and traveled back again along the same horizontal line. Its speed was moderate to slow.

I watched it closely then, and as it came to a point near the beam from the searchlight it again "reversed" in the same manner and tried back to the point. The total distance between the north-south points that it traveled would be about 5-6 city blocks from my ground point of view. By this time I had reached the corner of Kildare and Palmer Avenue, and gleaned on the mailbox. Fascinated, I thought, "unusual maneuver." I am sorry I did not count the number of "reverses." But at the mailbox alone I watched for at least a minute. At no time did it come into the range of the searchlight beam.

Then suddenly the searchlight beam was adjusted so that its arc swept more to the east-northeast. At this point the object traveled, shortened its southeast point, as if to avoid the beam, but traveled back to the northern point, came back south and again shortened this time more than the previous time. But this last time it traveled north only a very short distance, made a sudden right angle turn, and at this point the glow had been put out. Its size or shape did not diminish or change.

It was shaped, as near as I can describe it, like an upright table that is, the top and bottom were equally slightly convex. Both ends were somewhat orange-red glow, not a light, but more like a neon sign in the daytime, soft, not bright. At no time did it make a sound.

[Handwritten at bottom: "Send 164"]


- page 3 -

Commanding Officer                                                   August 22, 1969
ATIC

seem to make a turn when it made its reverse back and forth at
the same speed, as if playing tag between two points.

I could not estimate the height, but it was well below the
cloud ceiling, since the searchlight beam picked up the clouds
which were 6,in and broken up evenly (Estimated 8k to 9k). It
was about 35° on the horizon, and 2½ to 3 times as long as wide
at its center. The length I would estimate to be the length of
the fuselage of the propeller type passenger airliner. It was
definitely not an airplane, since it was plainly visible to me.
Aircraft at this point travel much higher since we are at some
distance from both airports, and at the time of this peculiar
sight, I noticed a few planes which passed high overhead on
their way to O'Hare.

I apologize for the delay. I had this handwritten in prepa-
ration for typing, then I met with accident (hysterical-or) and
was hospitalized for several weeks. I found the phenomenon most
interesting, I am just sorry I was not scientific about counting
and timing its maneuvers.

                                                Respectfully,

                                                [redacted]
                                                [address redacted] Avenue


- page 4 -

Text found in the document:

DISAPPEARED
LIGHT WENT OUT

MAY HAVE BEEN
LONGER

ADJUSTED ARC
OF BEAM

ORIGINAL
OF BEAM

a half clock

I judged
the searchlight
to be located about
1 block east & about
3 blocks south & me

F. Z.


- page 5 -

P.O. Box
Wheeling, Illinois
October 7, 1967

Colonel James C. Manatt, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems
Department of the Air Force
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Dear Sir:

This letter is in regard to your letter of September 27, 1967 to an Airport regarding an unidentified flying object sighting over Chicago, Illinois.

I am employed by Mr. [redacted] and take all incoming telephone calls for the Pal-Waukee Airport during the hours 11:00 P.M. to 6:00 A.M. About 1:00 A.M. - 1:30 A.M. one morning this past summer (I don't recall the date), I received a telephone call from a woman in the Lake Zurich, Illinois area. She said that she and her friend had completed their working shift at 11:00 P.M. They observed this lighted object in the sky to the southeast. She said it had to be over Pal-Waukee or Chicago and asked if we could see it.

I could see the object she was speaking of and told her it looked like it was directly over the city of Chicago.

I am familiar with aircraft displaying landing lights. The lights are pronounced and the aircraft is not really visible. From the second floor of the Administration Building at the Pal-Waukee Airport, the object looked like it was between 3,000 to 5,000 feet directly over the Chicago Loop or to an area one or two miles inland. It had an outline one and one half times as large as if looking at an aircraft with lights on. The lights were within the confines of this outline with no glare. From my position, it had the glow of regular light bulb, a warm reddish yellow rather than a white, neon light look. It remained in the same position for 15 to 30 minutes and being exhausted, I again retired.

I did not report it as the woman who called said she would. Inasmuch as she could see it from her area, and I could observe it as vividly from Pal-Waukee, I was positive it could be seen by the O'Hare Tower personnel or some airline pilot.

[Signature and additional handwritten notes are redacted/illegible]


- page 6 -

Aviation Service
PAL-WAUKEE AIRPORT
October 7, 1967

Colonel James C. Manatt, USAF
Department of the Air Force
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Dear Sir:

Please be advised that our Nite Lite Sign (which is mounted on a Cessna 172) was not in operation in June, 1967.

Very truly yours,
SERVICE

GJP:een


- page 7 -

