The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a report documenting a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 15 Sep 67
2. LOCATION: Hazleton, Pa.
3. SOURCE: Civilian
10. CONCLUSION: OTHER CONFLICTING DATA
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: E-W
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer indicated that the object went east. Witness indicated that it went to east. The near an airfield and other observers on the ground observed it as an airplane. Although it is felt that have been an airplane because of the direction and 12 minutes being a little long is being evaluated as conflicting data.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

TEXT TRANSCRIPTION:

TEST/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70916/mha/6 Oct 67)
UFO Observation & Photographs, September 15, 1967
Hazleton, Pennsylvania 18201
Reference correspondence of September 29 in which you reported your unidentified observation of September 15, 1967, and subsequent photographs. Additional information on your 4l and your original negatives are needed to complete our analysis and your search request. We are unable to proceed without obtaining these documents. Upon completion of analysis we will return your negatives along with our findings.

2. We are returning your letter of September 29 as you requested.

JAMES C. MANANT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a form or questionnaire titled "Photo Data Sheet" that is used to record information about a photograph, such as the type, model and make of camera used, the speed, focal length, and make of lens, the brand and type of film, the shutter speed used, the lens opening used, the filters used, and the date, place and time the photo was taken.

Text extracted from the document:

Photo Data Sheet:

1. Type, model and make of camera:
2. Speed, focal length, and make of lens:
3. Brand and type of film:
4. Shutter speed used:
5. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop:
6. Filters used:
7. Date, place and time photo was taken:

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, which is a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects between 1947 and 1969.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial object you saw. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements or publications without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 15 Sept 1967
2. Time of day: 7:30 Hour: - Minute: 0 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Hazleton, Pennsylvania
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 0 Hours 15 Minutes Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Stopwatch.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. Behind you c. To the side d. Overhead e. Don't remember

FTD FORM 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 4 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey regarding observations of unidentified objects in the sky.

The text found in the document is as follows:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): 
a. Clear skies
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and/or slow down at any time? Yes / No / Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes / No / Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes / No / Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes / No / Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes / No / Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes / No / Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes / No / Don't know

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing a questionnaire with written responses.

Transcribed text:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
It did, It did this very rapidly. Little weather balloon suddenly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered Y:
It moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?  
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered Y:
In front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - It made no sound.
b. Color - It seemed bright bright white, silver and green at times.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object. How much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment, how large would the object have been covered by the match head?
not very much, estimate the angular size and very low and close to the ground.

19. Draw a picture of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing any details of the object that you saw such as wings, portruding parts, etc. and especially the trail or exhaust from the object. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
(Drawing of round, glowing green object)

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image, which appears to be a page from a UFO report document. I will now proceed to perform optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document and output it:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section
b. In the residential section
c. In the open countryside
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. Southwest
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    (No)
b. Sun glasses    Yes    (No)
c. Windshield    Yes    (No)
d. Window glass    Yes    (No)
e. Binoculars    (Yes)    No 
f. Telescope    (Yes)    No
g. Theodolite    (Yes)    No
h. Other ______

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as that which you observed.
It appeared oval in shape and seemed to be illuminated from within, giving off a white light. It seemed to be moving at a fairly high rate of speed, though I could not estimate the exact speed. The object was in view for approximately 1 minute before going out of sight.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather it is a page from an old UFO report document that includes illustrations and questions related to observing and documenting UFO sightings.

The text from the document is as follows:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the line to show how low the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR Text Output:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or date and location. 
9-16- > ? inauent.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) 
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: 
9-33-beton 
2-4>-C00K - 18? 

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME 
Last Name First Name 
ADDRESS 
Street Hazleton, 
TELEPHONE NUMBER 
AGE 13 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which you think might be pertinent. 
I i shavent had an experience life -this before, of seeing an ufo. so am central at airport of Hazleton. I do not give out much additional information.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 
My radio Stition

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document containing handwritten text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 12 Oct 67

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not specifically covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.:

The object seemed to be a radio station towers and a small light would leave to the right. The object stops to a complete stand still then the light would go off to the right. The object was very large in the sky and you may permission to state the conclusions I have stated.

- page 10 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that includes a "Photo Data Sheet" with a list of questions about the camera and photographic details, followed by a handwritten letter.

The text in the document is as follows:

Photo Data Sheet:
1. Type, model and make of camera:
2. Speed, focal length, and make of lens:
3. Brand and type of film:
4. Shutter speed used:
5. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop:
6. Filters used:
7. Date, place and time photo was taken:

Dear sirs:
I am sorry, but at the time of the sighting, I did not think of getting a camera. And the most important thing about this is that the object was moving entirely too fast for a camera to have taken an intelligible photo. If you think more information is needed, feel free to tell me about it. I will be more than happy to give it. When and if you come to a conclusion, please inform me.
Thank you very much.

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, which was a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document is an observation report dated September 15, 1967 from Hazleton, Pennsylvania. The report was submitted by a witness to an unidentified flying object sighting.

TDET/UFO (Mag Quintanilla/70916/whs/25 Oct 67)
UFO Observation, September 15, 1967
Hazleton, Pennsylvania 18201
Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to this UFO sighting on September 15, 1967, would you please make a statement regarding your observation? If you were not a witness to this sighting, but would desire to make a statement for the record, please do so in the self-addressed envelope. If you were not a witness to this sighting and do not desire to make a statement, please destroy this letter. Thank you for your assistance in evaluating this observation.
James C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Systems

- page 12 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document with text.

The object was sighted by 
many all came away with the 
same impression. It was round
and very flat. It has a bright
pattern of flashing lights which
traveled in a zig-zag pattern as
it passed at a great rate of
speed. I think this occurred
around 9:30 PM. The people were
excited and alarmed over this
unusual sight. It would glimmer
with an intensity and then it
would almost vanish from sight.
This is a short description of
what they all saw. They were
convinced that this was no
known type of aircraft. This
was a puzzling and frightening
experience to all who witnessed
it.

- page 13 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document or report.

"ANADIO si Yvonney

The document appears to have handwritten text in what looks like Arabic or another non-Latin script.

- page 14 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a moon or a celestial object. The sketch is accompanied by text that provides some details about the observation, including the time range between 7:30 and 8:00 P.M. on September 15, 1967, and the location as Hazleton, Pennsylvania.

Text transcribed from the document:

Size of strip -
(a comparison from 
the naked eye)

Time - between 7:30 and 8:00 P.M.
Date - September 15, 1967.
Place - Hazleton, Pennsylvania.

Moon (full)

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a handwritten letter.

Dear sirs:

An incident has happened, the sighting of an unidentified flying object. The details of the incident are as follows:

On September 29, the witness was driving in the vicinity of Hazleton, Pennsylvania, when he observed an unusual object in the sky. The object was described as a circular, bright light that appeared to be hovering or stationary. The witness states that the object was observed for several minutes before it suddenly accelerated and disappeared from view.

The witness provided his name and address, which have been redacted in the image.

Thank you for your time.

- page 16 -

The shared image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically the data/scanned/1960s_scanned/1967-09-7412354-Hazleton-Pa.pdf17.txt file.

The text in the document is as follows:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible about the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information only if it is deemed necessary, and may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 15 SEPTEMBER 1967
2. Time of day: 7:30 P.M. (Circle One): a. AM or b. PM
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Hazleton, Pa.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 0 Hours 15 Minutes
5.1 How was time in sight determined? c. Clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY a. Bright b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object (Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your left d. To your right e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 17 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The page contains a questionnaire that appears to have been filled out, likely by an observer reporting a UFO sighting.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): c. Few
8.2 MOON (Circle One): c. Bright moonlight, d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain

10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: More Bright than usual object.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): c. Sharply outlined

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes
c. Break up into parts or explode? No
d. Give off smoke? Yes
e. Change color? Yes
f. Flash or flicker? Yes
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes

- page 18 -

The image contains a blank oval shape, likely intended for the witness to draw a sketch of the observed object. The text does not mention or identify any human faces or individuals.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes. If you answered YES, it moved behind: a cloud
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? Yes. If you answered YES, in front of: a cloud 
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound Mouve
b. Color Somtimes red & then silver
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object if you had performed this observation. If you had not performed this observation, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your drawing any such things as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially without trails or
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire or survey form.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No 
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1 mile

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outside, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a town, b. In the residential section of a town, c. In open countryside, d. Near an airfield, e. Flying over a city, f. Flying over open country?

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, the complete the following:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? (Circle any that apply): a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass, e. Binoculars, f. Telescope, g. Theodolite, h. Other

26. In order that you can give us a clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing instructions and sketches related to UFO sightings.

Text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

OCR OUTPUT:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Last Name First Name Middle
ADDRESS Street City Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 12 SEX Boy
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be relevant.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? 15 7 61 My mother

- page 22 -

The shared image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a questionnaire form with fields for the date the questionnaire was completed, and a space for the respondent to provide additional information that is not adequately covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of their sighting.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 9 - 29 - 67
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequate or covered in the specific questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 23 -

