There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. CASE NO: 11/04/302
2. LOCATION: Lebanon, Missouri
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Unknown
6. COURSE OF OBSERVATION: Unknown
7. PHOTOS: 0 Yes
8. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: 0 Yes
9. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer sighted a blueish-green disc shaped craft. The craft approached the observer to about 30 to 50 then after hovering.
Comments: The sighting was not submitted until Feb 1968.
FTD FORM 6-0-329 (TDE) - Previous editions of this form may be used.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a document related to Project Blue Book, a former US Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text from the document is as follows:

"DEPT (UFO) No: Quintanilla/70916/mbs/17 Feb 68
UFO Observation: 10 July 1967

Lebanon, Missouri 65536

1. This replies to your recent letter which was unanswered. We appreciated learning of your unusual experience of 10 July 1967, and will add this information to our current files.

2. It is important that a witness report his observation as soon as possible to enable Air Force investigators to make an evaluation of the sighting and determine if it has significant scientific data. At this late date, however, little additional information can be obtained.

3. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

G. VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Assistant Chief, Investigations Officer
Aerial Phenomena Branch
Production Directorate"

- page 2 -

The image appears to be a handwritten document or report. There is no photograph present in this image. I will now proceed to act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

"Dear Mr. Renie,
All this is just the beginnings of your comments I want to make on the present situation in this institution of faith we all belong to.
The official law and doctrines of the church as directed to you, I have seen that they have not touched upon the essential facts of the situation. It was a line of approach that by you, it was a time of disturbance too much for the larger proportion of the group. This and that I did not gather from your letter too much how it worked out in your own group.
You touched upon the government of God and the relationship of the church to the government of God. This is essential. The government of God is broader and deeper than the present church can be made to contain in full at this time.
I hope I can be of some help, as I see more clearly the full scope of the situation. Please write again and let me know more precisely what are your own thoughts and feelings about the whole matter."

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text on what appears to be a document or report page. The text is written in cursive and discusses various details, including a name and location. I will now proceed to extract and reproduce the text from the image, without identifying any individuals mentioned.

The text in the image reads:

The first part reads: "The detonist area was one which could be seen all the time. It was nearly an entire day before the greatly astounded crowd and what had occurred foul the entire the scene was aglow and was a bright light so far as the surface earth was concerned..."

The second part reads: "15 June 1967 (illegible) Laboratory, 1717 S. Glenstone, Springfield, Mo. 65802"

The third part reads: "Eleanor H. (last name illegible)"

- page 4 -

