PROJECT 10757 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
15 Mar 67 15/0502

2. LOCATION
SEBEKA, MINN.

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRAFT)
No data presented to indicate object could not have been an A/C.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
7 Minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated object was very large with many light of many colors. Observer stated the entire top had very bright lights of different colors, all around the bottom. Observer stated she lost contact with object when she turned and the object continued on.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
S - N

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 35 m.p.h.

40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 mile feet.

41. Please give the following information about yourself.
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Sebeka City, Minn
TELEPHONE NUMBER Station
What is your present job? State at the Pine Cave Cr. Dr.
Age 45 Sex Female

Please indicate any special educational training you have had.
a. Grade School
b. High School -
c. College
d. Post graduate

e. Technical school
f. Other special training

42. Date you completed this questionnaire: 23 March 1967
Day Month Year

Page 8


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME: [redacted]
(Please Print)

SIGNATURE: [redacted]

DATE: March 22 1967

I was on my way home from work and driving north. My lights went out and on, + the motor kept dying out and on, looked up + seen the object going ahead of me. It traveled about the same speed I was going, until I turned right when I reached town and the object kept going on to the north.


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)

In order that your information may be filled and coded as accurately as possible, please use the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may repeat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments, statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observation in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached if they are needed.

NAME (Please Print): [Redacted]
SIGNATURE: [Redacted]
DATE: March 22, 1967

I was on my way home from work and driving north, my lights went out and on, & the motor kept dying out and on, loaded up & saw the object going ahead of me. It traveled about the same speed I was going, until I turned right when I reached town and the object kept going on to the north.


- page 4 -

Aircraft (possible)

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 39TH AIR DIVISION (ADC)
DULUTH INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT
DULUTH, MINNESOTA 58814

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 29 OIN

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO: Foreign Technology Division (TDET)

1. On 13 April 1967, the attached UFO Report was received by this office from the 739th Radar Squadron, Wadena AFS, Minnesota 56487.

2. The 739th RADRON Intelligence Officer knew nothing of the report. An airman on duty in the Operations Section was unable to find any record of it.

3. This office is forwarding the report to FTD. No copy is being sent by this office to the University of Colorado. No further investigation will be conducted by this office unless requested by FTD.

FOR THE COMMANDER

WILLIAM B STOCKER, 1st Lt, USAF
Asst Chief, Intelligence Division

1 Atch
UFO Report, 9 pgs.


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET                                Page 1

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes; and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?                                   2. Time of day:    1    50
                                                                                    Hour   Minutes
    15th March   1967                                             (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
    Day   Month   Year

3. Time zone:                                                     (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
    (Circle One): a. Eastern                                                    b. Standard
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
                                                Sebeka            Minn
                Nearest Postal Address          City or Town      State or County

    Additional Remarks: First single engine 1 1/2 mi. South of Sebeka, Minn.
    About (center) 1 mi. North of Sebeka. 2 mi. from Sebeka. Slight contained mi.

5. Estimate how long you saw the object.    7
                                            Hours   Minutes   Seconds

5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
    a. Certain                                c. Not very sure
    b. Fairly Certain                         d. Just a guess

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    (Circle One): a. Bright daylight          d. Just a trace of daylight
                b. Dull daylight              e. No trace of daylight
                c. Bright twilight             f. Don't remember

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located at the object:
    (Circle One): a. In front of you           d. To your left
                b. In back of you              e. Overhead
                c. To your right                f. Don't remember


- page 6 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Yes b. No c. Don't remember

10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?
(Circle one): a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other: (handwritten note appears to say "large about will move light of the clouds")

11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes
d. Give off smoke? Yes
e. Change brightness? Yes
f. Change shape? Yes
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate? Yes

12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES then tell what it moved behind: (blank)

13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of: (blank)

14. Did the object appear: (Circle One): a. Solid b. Transparent c. Don't Know

15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses: Yes No
b. Sun glasses: Yes No
c. Windshield: Yes No
d. Window glass: Yes No
e. Binoculars: Yes No
f. Telescope: Yes No
g. Theodolite: Yes No
h. Other: (blank)


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
    a. Sound: Riding in the air mentally, no sound noted
    b. Color: Soft to yellow bright or many lights 7 different colors all around different

17. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with multiple protrusions/extensions, labeled "all bright lights" and with an arrow pointing "North"]

18. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): 
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember
    e. Other: [blank lines]

19. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, than how many were there?
    Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were travelling.

[Blank space below question 19]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

A. ____________ B. No change in direction

21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension. ________

22. How large did the object or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand and at about arm's length?
(Circle One): a. Head of a pin   g. Silver dollar
               b. Pea             h. Baseball
               c. Dime            i. Grapefruit
               d. Nickel          j. Basketball
               e. Quarter         k. Other (Clearly tell)
               f. Half Dollar

22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
       a. Certain           c. Not very sure
       b. Fairly certain    d. Uncertain

23. How did the object or objects disappear from view? I turned at intersection and lost sight of it

24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could construct the object that you saw. Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape would it have. Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed in the sky would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

I would make it out metal & glass, about 2 twice as wide as a car is long. Something like a service well a cop up side down with it. It appeared something like a sun house trailer.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

25. Where were you located when you saw the
object? (Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other

26. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object and how did you happen to
notice it?
I was driving home and my lights kept going on and
off as well bar thermotor. If you about a 1½ mile
as I looked up at about a 30 - 45 degree angle

28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete
the following questions:

28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

28.2 How fast were you moving? SO miles per hour.

28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction) try to estimate the
number of degrees the object was from true North and also the number of degrees
it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North 0 degrees
b. From horizon 30 - 45 degrees

31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North degrees
b. From horizon degrees

I turned and the
object continued on.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.

[Handwritten note on the larger sketch]: Object were traveling in same direction for approx 1/2 mi rather turned.

The document contains two sketches illustrating instructions for marking the position and height of an observed object in the sky.


- page 11 -

34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear Sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No Wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember

34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
e. Don't Remember

35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
16     March     67
Day     Month     Year

36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes    No

36.2 Please list their names and addresses:

37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this:
(Circle One) Yes    No

37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?

38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
I have never seen anything similar to the


- page 12 -

