PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
25 Jan 67 10:20 P

2. LOCATION
Morrisville, Penn. (4 witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED
Satellite (possible)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3-5 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Northwest-North

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated that object appeared as a light with some sort of a tail that was very brighter. Observer stated that it appeared to be brighter than a star. It had no visible sides. The color was intense, bright light (Blue-White) and seemed. Object appeared to be moving in a northwest to north direction.

FORM
TD SLP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

I didn't seem remember a plane, an ufo.
I can't say how fast it went or how it seemed
to stand. Still as now it's a slow rate of
speed, stood increased its speed, all in a few
minutes.

The color of this height, internal lights as
something very different, I do feel it was
something special.

A slant can see into stand still and move-are
and disappear that fast before your eyes.
Slow are not that large, this object was
fast with handle.

This report is done to the best of
my knowledge. I hope I have
some result of help to you.

Page 3 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    day    2nd    67    year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I saw coming thru a sky as new I happened to notice a strange object in the sky to my left. I called it to everyone's attention and they saw it directly and first off like. People saw cars to the side of the road and got out. Meantime the strange object had moved to new sight and seemed to stand still. Saw stood still, then looking up, then first thing that came to my mind was it must be a "flying saucer". I guess we are sure feeling. Kinda so different, you know me heard such a defense. Then it dashed (like a flash) off into space.

I felt it should be reported to someone so we could follow thru on stated. I'm right plus quiet. I can't seem to get it out of my mind. I'm very much interested in the I shall be awaiting for some kind of a reply from you.

I do know that it was just a place as a shooting star. I'm looking for seeing or getting sight, so as I know. (new)


- page 3 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: FDERT/UFO                                                   30 January 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation

[Location redacted], Pennsylvania 19058

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

Handwritten notes:
25 Jan 67
Morrisville, Pa.


- page 4 -

Levittown, Pennsylvania 19058

Phone call - 25 Jan 67

Sent Form 164

Jan 67


- page 5 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
    29    00    65
    Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 10 : 20
    Hour    Minutes
    (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
    (Circle One): a. Eastern
                b. Central
                c. Mountain
                d. Pacific
                e. Other

    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
                b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
    Morrisville    P.O.    Morrisville    Pennsylvania
    Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    3.5
    Hours    Minutes    Seconds

    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure
                        d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?    Glanced at watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                NIGHT
    a. Bright            a. Bright
    b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
    (Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
                b. In back of you     e. Overhead
                c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw this object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):    8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                     a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                    b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                     c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember           d. Don't remember SEEING A MOON

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):           WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                    a. Dry
    b. Hazy                         b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds             c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds        d. Snow
                                    e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                        d. As a light WITH SOME SORT OF A TAIL
    b. Transparent                  e. VERY BRIGHT
    c. Vapor                        f. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter VERY                c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                       d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: IT WAS SO DIFFERENT THAT I COULD NOT COMPARE IT TO ANYTHING I'VE SEEN BEFORE, SHAPE WAS IN PICTURE OF MY MIND AT THAT TIME.

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred                e. Other NO COULD BE
                b. Like a bright star                   EDGES
                c. Sharply outlined
                d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                    (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?           Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?              Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                              Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                           Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                                Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                            Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                      Yes   No   Don't know


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Drifted off into space, quickly

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None (probably too far away)
b. Color: Intense, bright to white (silvery white) strange

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and not how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Almost 1/3

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[The document includes a blank space for the drawing in question 19]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   [handwritten: does not speed out matter]

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [blank]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car [handwritten: THEN WE
c. Outdoors   [handwritten: GOT OUT FOR IT]
d. In an airplane (type) [handwritten: BETTER LOOK]
e. At sea
f. Other [blank]

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside? [handwritten: NEAR PRIVATE]
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other [blank]

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   [circled] h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [handwritten: 45-50] miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   [circled] Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   [circled] Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other [handwritten: BARE O EYE]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw

[handwritten: Hallup Comet]
[handwritten: under at slanted toward with tail]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In this following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place on "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place on "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten notes: Moving Slowly]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
[Handwritten answer: One]
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
NEWTOWN PA
(AGE 11) (MY SONS AND THEIR FRIEND)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] NEWTOWN [redacted] PENNA
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 30   SEX E

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
26   JAN   47
                CROSS REFERENCE
                YELLOW SHEET/TRAVEL
                CAS BOOK
                WILLOW GROVE, PA.


- page 11 -

