Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
28/0355Z

2. LOCATION
Portsmouth, New Hampshire

3. SOURCE
Military, Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
SATELLITE(ECHO 1 & II)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
2

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1-2 min

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer and wife both saw two not as bright as first 2 of the same magnitude. Objects were together initially. One moved southerly, the other moved northerly. Stated could have been satellites. Objects faded into horizon.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground, Visual

7. COURSE
N - S

8. PHOTOS
1. Yes
2. No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
1. Yes
2. No

FORM
AFD-P 66-82 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 5074h BOMBARDMENT WING (SAC)
PEASE AIR FORCE BASE, NEW HAMPSHIRE 03801

REPLY TO: 5074th DOCBO                                                3 July, 1967
SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object Report

TO: TDEV/UFOB
Wright Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. The attached PTD Form 164 is forwarded for necessary action.
Local investigation discloses no known explanation toward identification.

FRANCIS G. HARSHAN SR., DAF CS-11
Assistant Base Operations Officer

1 Atch AFTD Form 164

Satellites

1. Echo I visible at 0356Z
over 77W-45N traveling toward
the NE.

2. Echo II visible at 0358Z
over 77W-40N traveling toward
the South.

Peace.... is our Profession


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
27 JUNE 1967
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 11 55
           Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] ST., Portsmouth, New Hampshire
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town       State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   10
   Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? BY TWO SENS DISPOSITION IS WITH ANOTHER WITNESS
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you     d. To your left
             b. In back of you       e. Overhead
             c. To your right        f. Don't remember

FORM
OCT 62 164         This form supersedes FTD 164, JUL 61, which is obsolete.

HATCH-1


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some object:
Not As Bright As Sirius But About The Same Moonwise

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes/No/Don't know columns are marked for each question, with handwritten notes like "There Were Two Objects" and various other annotations.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
At Born. Disappeared Into The Horizon

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: _________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: _________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   None
b. Color   The Color Of A Bright Magnetos Star

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the hand of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
None of It

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch with the following notes:
S ← O Together O → N
Originally

One Moved Southerly & The Other
Moved Northerly

Objects Were Too High For Detail
No Shape - Looked Like Satellites


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? Hrs Quite NS Fast Ne A
                                                           5-6 Miles P. 35,000 At

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other    Sitting On Own Porch

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                c. East                e. South                g. West
b. Northeast            d. Southeast            f. Southwest            h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses        Yes    No    e. Binoculars        Yes    No
b. Sun glasses        Yes    No    f. Telescope        Yes    No
c. Windshield        Yes    No    g. Theodolite        Yes    No
d. Window glass        Yes    No    h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Lighter Like Two Bright Stars. Moving
In Opposite Directions. Together At Times,
And Then They Moved In Opposite Directions


- page 6 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

Angles of Big Dipper.
North.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Two.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

North.
South.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before (at same date or dates and location):
No. Never seen a picture like this or a satellite except it didn't move as fast.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)    Yes    No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Owner at [redacted] Portsmouth, N.H.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS Syracuse, New York
TEL. NUMBER [redacted] AGE 34 SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
Capt. USAF, Navigation

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?    Base Operations
    2.3    JUN    67    Pease AFB, N.H.
    Day    Month    Year


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 28 June 1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Object similar to saucer at sitting. Saucer fully executed then to move in the same direction became of move at altitude. Notably, its own slow quite easy to see then more or object direction at approximately the same speed.


- page 9 -

