PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE TIME GROUP
17 Jan 67

2. LOCATION
Bethlehem, Pennsylvania

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Ascertainable

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
None Ascertained

8. PHOTOS
[✓] Yes
[ ] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[✓] No

10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient Data for Evaluation

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

FORM
BTOD A-6.058 (TDF)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

The text in the image is mostly illegible due to poor image quality. There are two white rectangular areas that appear to contain text, but the text is not clearly readable in this scan. The document seems to be a black and white page from an old report, with significant graininess and low contrast.


- page 2 -

The text in the two white rectangles is illegible due to the low quality and grayscale nature of the scanned document. The image appears to be a black and white scanned document page with two rectangular text areas, but the specific text cannot be discerned.


- page 3 -

Case includes five (5) 5"x7" photographs, one (1) 3½" x 3½" photograph, and one (1) 4" x 5" negative.


- page 4 -

FILE
(INSUFFICIENT
DATA)

SAFOICC/Mrs Cassel/jad/79079/28 Feb 67

FEB 28 1967

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

Reference your letter of January 23 regarding your photograph of an alleged unidentified flying object (UFO) on the night of January 17, 1967.

Information now available to me is not sufficient to allow me to analyze your sighting. However, it is impossible to have seen significant data, and Venus at this time, as an amateur astronomer, I am sure you are well acquainted with the American Ephemeris and Nautical Almanac 1967, according to this work, on January 17, 1967 Venus at approximate 6:00 P.M. was near conjunction, 1150 P.M. EST, while Jupiter rose at 5:30 P.M. EST.

If you would complete the enclosed PD Form 164 on your sighting, and in addition provide the following camera data, a detailed study will be made. The camera data necessary is as follows:

a. Type of camera.
b. Type of film.
c. Focal length of camera.
d. Lens manufacturer.
e. Exposure time.
f. "F" stop.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

GEORGE F. FENIAN, JR.
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachment:

Dr. [redacted]
Bethlehem, Pennsylvania 18018

COORDINATED BY:
SAFOIC-CG

SAFOIC Coord cy
Unclf cy
Readers cy
Activity cy
Stybk cy


- page 5 -

Proposed reply to letter from John Zoppi, 28 January 1967

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Reference your letter of 28 January 1967 regarding your photograph of an alleged unidentified flying object on the night of 17 January 1967. Without essential data and additional information on the sighting a meaningful analysis is not in order. In spite of the information which you submitted it is impossible for you to have seen Jupiter, Mars, and Venus at the same time. As an amateur astronomer, I am sure you are well acquainted with the American Ephemeris and Nautical Almanac 1967. According to this text, on 17 January 1967, Venus set at approximately 6:00 P. M. EST, Mars rose at approximately 11:50 P. M. EST, while Jupiter rose at 5:30 P. M. EST. Thus it would have been impossible for you to have seen the three planets at the same time, a mistake on your part, I am sure.

If you would complete the enclosed PFD Form 164 on your sighting and in addition provide the following camera data, a detailed study will be made. The camera data necessary is as follows:

a. Type of camera
b. Type of film
c. Focal length of camera
d. Lens manufacturer

[Signature at bottom, partially illegible]


- page 6 -

e. Exposure time
f. "f" stop

Thank you for reporting your observation to the USAF.

2


- page 7 -

1/28/67

Dear Sirs:

On the night of January 17, 1967

I was out studying weather conditions
for I am an amateur astronomer. The moon
was just about full on the night of the
the sighting. I gazed up at the moon and
I saw this object above and to the right
of the moon. I quickly ran inside and got
my Polaroid camera and snapped only one
picture before it sped away. Being an
amateur astronomer you can not give me the
explanation that it was a star or planet.

The planet Jupiter was in the east, Mars
was in the south and Venus was in the
west. Please send me an explanation.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]

[Handwritten notes at bottom of page are partially illegible, but appear to include "moon 1st quarter 18 Jan 67"]


- page 8 -

The image appears to be a scanned document page with two sections of blurry, low-contrast black and white images. There are small white labels/tags visible on both images, but the text on these labels is not clearly legible. The top image is smaller and appears to have two labels, while the bottom image is larger and also has two labels. The overall quality of the scan is poor, with significant graininess and lack of detail.


- page 9 -

The text on the two white rectangles is illegible due to the low quality and grayscale nature of the scanned document. The image appears to be a black and white document page with two rectangular text areas, but the specific text cannot be discerned.


- page 10 -

The text I can read on this page is:

Rosen

The rest of the document appears to be a low-contrast, grainy black and white image with two white rectangular boxes/labels, but the text is not clearly legible beyond the word "Rosen".


- page 11 -

