PROJECT 10673 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
29 Mar 67 2315Z

2. LOCATION
Waterbury, Conn.

(1 witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (Hot Air) BALLOON

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated that the object appeared as a cigar shaped with a dome at the bottom and at the top. Object appeared white. The Cigar appeared white and the domes appeared to be red. Object appeared transparent with white and red lights inside. The object blinked on and off every 2 seconds. Object disappeared to the south.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
None Stated

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
South

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

POSSIBLE
(NOT AIR BALLOON)

Waterbury, Connecticut 06706
March 29, 1967

Dear Sir,

I hope the following report will aid you in your investigation of UFO's.

Name: [redacted]
Address: same as above
Telephone: [redacted]
Occupation: student (at present, in 10th grade)
Age: 16
Date of Observation: March 29, 1967
Time: 8:11-8:15 PM (EST)
Locality of observation: on second floor, in house at above address
Weather: clear night, stars visible, no moon or wind
Number of objects: one
Details: with naked eye, object appeared as a 0.0 magnitude star, with binoculars, object appeared cigar-shaped, with domes on top and bottom
Color: with naked eye, object appeared white, like a star, with binoculars, cigar was white and domes were red
Illumination: object appeared transparent with white and red lights within, when viewed through binoculars
Sound: none
Maneuvers: Object first observed traveling south over Town Plot (a hill in Waterbury), near forested area of Town Plot object turned left, traveling east (at this time, use of binoculars began). When object was almost directly south of observer, object turned up to this time, illumination of object did not increase or decrease in brightness and began to face, probably traveling directly south (at this time, use of binoculars discontinued). Object gradually faded and disappeared, not to be seen again.
Darling entire sighting, object blinked off and on, approximately once every two seconds.
During entire sighting, object remained at same level, approximately 20 to 30 degrees above the horizon.
Speed: steadily speed, slower than a piston plane
Other observers: Mrs. Stanley Horzeya (my mother), (same address as above)
Additional Information: When observed with naked eye, object appeared as a star, with binoculars, object appeared somewhat fuzzy.
At time of sighting, no conventional aircraft was observed in area.
Object was first observed, when I happened to glance towards Town Plot, while I was star-gazing with a telescope. (I tried unsuccessfully, to observe object through telescope.)
Object was called to the attention of second observer at 8:12 i.m. Third person (my sister) was called, arrived at time when object was fading, but was not able to definitely observe object.

See second page for sketches.
Your identification or conclusion of this sighting would be appreciated. Please inform me of such information.
Sincerely,
[signature]


- page 2 -

Sketches (drawn by observer)

Sketch of object as seen through binoculars (greatly enlarged)
1. red domes
2. white cigar-shaped area

Sketch of approximate path of object (1 inch equals about 1/2 mile)

1. Waterbury-Naugatuck town-line
2. Naugatuck River
3. path of object
4. Town Plot
5. Observer's location

The image contains two hand-drawn sketches: one of an object viewed through binoculars with red domes and a white cigar-shaped area, and another showing the approximate path of the object in relation to local geographic features.


- page 3 -

