PROJECT 1679 RECORD

1. DATE OF OBS    19 Dec 67    20/0230z

2. LOCATION        Between Cloudcroft and Artesia, New Mexico

3. SOURCE          -

4. CLASSIFICATION  -

5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS   One

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION   -

7. TYPE OF OBSERVATION   Ground-Visual

8. COURSE    Easterly

9. PHOTOS    [ ] Yes
            [x] No

10. CONCLUSION     INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS   Not sufficient data to close.

The observer was sent a Form 117 but failed to return it. The observer allegedly took photos with a 35mm camera but did not submit them.

The observer was driving east on route 82, toward Artesia, New Mexico, when a few miles east of Elk, New Mexico, he noticed a large amber light to the right side of the highway at an angle of about 15 deg. The object remained in view until the observer came to the outskirts of Artesia.

PHYSICAL EVIDENCE   [ ] Yes
                   [x] No


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

SAFOICC/J. Turnure/bp/7652G/12 Jan 68

Dear Mr. [redacted]:

This will reply to your letter of January 4, 1968, in which you described your sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Without additional information, we cannot offer an explana-tion of what you observed. However, if you will complete the attached questionnaire and mail it in the enclosed envelope, our technical people at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base will be able to investigate further and make an evaluation. It would also be helpful if you would send the film you mentioned provided the image is clear.

Should you ever sight another UFO, please report it as soon as possible to the nearest Air Force base. Each base has a UFO investigator, who is in a better position to make an on-the-spot investigation, which usually results in more accurate analysis.

In the meantime, we are sending you some literature that may help you identify your sighting. Thank you for reporting it to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

DAVID L. STILES
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments
[redacted]
Dallas, Texas 75205

SAFOICC

[Signature]


- page 2 -

Jan. 4, 1968
Dallas, Texas 75205

Officer In Charge of U F O
The Pentagon
Washington, D.C.

Dear Sir:

On December 19th, 1967 I was driving from Cloudcroft, New Mexico on route 82 toward Artesia, N.M.

At a point about 10 miles west of the location where Highway 13 takes one North to Roswell, N.M. I saw a large amber light to the right side of the Hiway at an angle of about 15°. It seemed to be moving a little South of Due East.

The Moon was bright, near a full moon, and was to my left at an angle of about 20°. The time was about 7:30 P.M.

At first I took it to be a Warning light on a snow plow; However it did not go around and flash; also it stayed on a straight course and did not disappear as it would have since this area is hilly with many turns in the roadway.

I stopped several times and glassed the object with my 7 x 50 binoculars. During this distance at 5 miles and the normal increase of vision with the glasses it appeared to be from 150 to 200 ft wide. It was true amber color and seemed to get only slightly brighter then darker to the same degree. There was no unusual sounds, which I could hear. If there was any wind it was very light and certainly not enough to carry a balloon more then 40 miles.

When the lights of Artesia came into view it lifted and passed just South of the city, gaining altitude so that it passed near the top of a radio tower which had a red light on top of it. The time was near 8:30 P.M.

I made some pictures with a good Bell & Howell 8 mm movie camera. If it shows up when film is developed I will send you part of it.

I have traveled West Texas and New Mexico for the past 10 years. Have seen some strange things along the White Sands proving grounds; this was the most baffling; and would be interested in knowing if anyone else saw this object.

Sincerely yours,

[Signature redacted]


- page 3 -

