The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a United States Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

PROJECT 10273 RECORD
1. GROUP
47 Mar 67
2. LOCATION
LEBANON, OHIO
10. CONCLUSION DATA FOR EVALUATION
Data form 1014 forwarded to witness; not returned as yet.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Information phoned into Duty Officer is sketchy. Need additional info. See case file.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing only text.

ATLINED FOR THE RECORD

9 Oct, 1967
Nicholas Manakas (works somewhere on base) says he has additional information on both the 20th Sept. 67 Tipp City Case and the March 67 Lebanon (Ohio) sightings. However he would not reveal this info. to the case officer unless Gen. Goldworthy was present. We were unable to meet these conditions.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a cover letter or memorandum from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation report from March 17, 1967.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDST/UFO                                      22 March 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 17 March 1967

TO: Mr. Johnnie, Ohio 43345

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for an adequate evaluation to be made. Please submit the complete details and copies of any photographs or sketches in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a report document related to project blue book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been designed to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for analytical purposes only and will not be used for any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day: 9:25 A.M. 
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? R 1/2 mile South of Lebanon, Ohio, Warren County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: (Circle One) b. NIGHT: (Circle One) c. Bright d. Cloudy b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? d. To your left

OCR Output:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been designed to obtain as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for analytical purposes only and will not be used for any conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 3-7-67
2. Time of day: 9:25 A.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific
4. Where were you when you saw the object? R 1/2 mile South of Lebanon, Ohio, Warren County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Yes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? No
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. DAY: (Circle One) b. NIGHT: (Circle One) c. Bright d. Cloudy b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? d. To your left

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the observer's sighting of an unidentified object at night.

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Stationary
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

12. The edges of the object were:
a. Clearly outlined
b. Like a bright star
c. Somewhat outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and/or change direction at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Flash or flicker?
g. Move at high speed?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? Disappeared gradually.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No (Don't know) If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind: 

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) Yes No (Don't know) IF you answered YES, then tell what:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None
b. Color Light white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and say how much of the length of the match or arm was covered by the object. If you have performed this experiment, give the result.
A small extent of space taken up by full vision at arms length.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object they you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially about trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Lower only higher more near path of light.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you estimate?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car c. in fro it, this qet
c. Outside d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. East b. West
c. Northeast d. Southwest
e. Southeast f. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? __ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop or slow down while you were looking at the object? (Yes) No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? 
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield (Yes) No
d. Window glass (Yes) No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

'a bright round light 'appeared to dip downwards and then straight up again.

- page 7 -

The image contains a sketch and a compass image, but no photograph. The text describes instructions for the sketch, including marking the position of an object relative to the horizon and compass.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object (which you first saw) was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there were MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in the image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
No

31. Was anyone also with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 
Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
Wife

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 37 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
FEB 20 Year ?

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a report or document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a form-like structure containing text.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
17 Mar 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a corrective explanation of your sighting:
Call taken at 0927 23r

- page 10 -

