PROJECT 1073 RECORD

[Most fields are blank or illegible, but I can clearly read the following text in section 11 "BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS":

"Observers watched a light, specially after sighting a blue light briefly. About an hour after the object left, a similar light was seen approximately one hour later. This was seen for a short time and disappeared.

The observations are consistent with that of a meteor observation, as reported by local light co. For this incident."]


- page 1 -

The text on the page is partially legible. Here's what I can make out:

[First line is mostly illegible, with some words unclear]

"... I could
... only,

"... supporting ..." in "... pending
..."

[Last line appears to read]
"I after we Hyneck"

Some words and parts of sentences are not clearly readable due to the image quality and handwriting.


- page 2 -

TYPED COMMENTS MADE BY DR. J. ALLEN HYNEK ON 11 JUNE, 1968

MACON, GEORGIA                                                11 JULY, 1967

The current evaluation of "possible aircraft" is open to severe
criticism because:

"Thought it was a falling star at first--then leveled off."
No planes were in the vicinity during time of both sightings
(0015 and 0145 hours--).

Four planes landed at Robbins at 0059, 0101, 0108, 0118 hours--
thus not at above times.

Description of "blue-white glow" does not fit aircraft evaluation.

Also, witness fairly sure it wasn't an aircraft.

Therefore, in absence of supporting information, I could not go
along with only "possible aircraft." "Possible unknown" should also be included
(a possible unidentified).

(Original signed by J. Allen Hynek)


- page 3 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                                                24 JUNE 1968

Subj:  UFO Observation, 11 July 1967

In response to Dr. Hynek's criticism of the evaluation of possible aircraft, I feel it best to point out that:

1.  "Thought it was a falling star at first--then leveled off."
Since the object was seen for several minutes, it certainly couldn't have had the angular velocity of a meteor. It is quite possible that an aircraft while descending flight levels might turn his landing lights on, especially if there were any other traffic in the area.  Also the duration is more suitable to that of an aircraft.

2.  "No planes were in the vicinity during the sighting."  The TWX only lists those planes that landed at Warner Robins AFB.  It is unknown if there were any planes arriving at Atlanta.  Atlanta is one of the largest airports in the United States and is about fifty miles Northwest of Macon.  (Note:  Light disappeared toward the Northwest.)

There is also a small airport near Ft. Valley (approximately twenty miles away).

It is also interesting to note that although the observer said that the object produced a sound like a train heard in the distance, his wife said that it emitted "a roar like a jet airplane."

3.  "Description of blue-white glow does not fit aircraft evaluation."  This is completely false and I suggest that Dr. Hynek go look at a large airliner with its landing lights on.

CARMON L. MARANO, 2d Lt. USAF
TDFT (UFO)


- page 4 -

REVIEW

Reference to report on UFO, 19 Jul 67.

University of Colorado
Boulder, Colorado 80302
ATTN: Dr. Condon

There are some changes to be made in the report. On page 1, para 11 (9), it should read "meteor" and not "meter". On page 2, para 3 (1), it should read "COOLS hours" and "COOLS hours". On page 3, para 5, it should read "1 C135 aircraft, out of N.W. landed at Robins AFB at CAB hours" and not "COOLS hours".

[Signature of] Assistant UFO Officer

Cy to: FTD (TDSTR)
AFIC (MCOOL, Mr. Kass)

[Several stamps and markings are visible on the document, including "SMS" and various administrative markings]


- page 5 -

#157

Report on Unidentified Flying Object (UFO) Sighting, 11 Jul 67

University of Colorado
Boulder, Colorado 80322
ATTN: Dr. Condon

1. In accordance with AFR 80-17A, para 38, 8 Nov 1966, the following report is submitted pertaining to a reported UFO sighting falling under the purview of this base.

1a. Description of the Object
(1) Shape: Spherical
(2) Size: Compared to known objects approximately 1/4 the size of a full moon
(3) Color: Bluish-white
(4) Number: One
(5) Formation: N/A
(6) Discernible features or details: A glowing, apparently shaped object emitting a blue glow, there was a light, apparently rotating, on the bottom of the object, and in doing so, described the spherical shape of the object.

(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including its size: None discernable
(8) Sound: Like that of a train heard at a distance, growing in intensity as the object began to depart. The sound did not have a "roar" like that of an airplane, but as described.

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: When first observed, the object appeared to be a point. But then it reached a "certain altitude", it leveled off and remained at that altitude. Then it appeared to increase in its size, thus leading the observer to feel that the object was not a meteor. In other words, it appeared to vary in size and at moment.

B. Description of Course of Object
(1) First Observation: The attention of the observer to the object? The observer was traveling north on Pie Hone Avenue, Macon, Georgia, when noticed what appeared to be a falling star; but since the object grew in size as it fell, the observer's attention was drawn to and held by the object as long as it was within his vision. He reported that it first looked to be very much the size of a satellite, but slightly larger than a star. It changed to a larger size and almost its descent until it stopped.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object when first observed: Unknown

(3) Angle of elevation of object upon disappearance: Unknown

(4) Observation of flight path and maneuvers of object: The observer reported that the object fell at a 'steep angle', as a falling star, until it reached a level slightly above the horizon. During this time the object (was) in view until finally the observer felt that he was quite close to the object. Then it stopped, it appeared to be in front of him. He reported that, as he began moving towards it, he had the feeling that the distance between him and the object was being closed at a slow rate. This continued for a 'few minutes' until the object changed its course abruptly and turned to the left (L.W.) and disappeared at a high velocity.

(5) How did the object disappear?

(6) Rapidly, to the W. on a parallel with the horizon.

How long was the object visible? Several minutes.

C. Manner of Observation
(1) Ground-Visual
(2) No optical aids were used
(3) N/A

D. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) 2015 hours CDT 11 Jul 57
(2) Light conditions: Night

E. Location of Observer:
8000 Block of P.O. Novo Avenue, Macon, Georgia (general area of east gate Shopping Center)

F. Identifying Information of Observer:
(1) William-
(2) Macon, Ga. 31206 document, employee at Lyon-Marshall Company (printers), Macon, Georgia.

The reporting officer judged the individual to be reliable, level-headed, and not given to sensationalism; e.g., he desires that the investigation be handled tactfully. (see para E)

G. Weather and Winds-Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sighting:
(1) Observer's account of weather conditions was clear, but states that he could see a star or two near him.
(2) Wind: Nearest S.W. (other than official), wind direction and velocity in degrees and notes at surface: 10 knots S.W.
(3) Ceiling: Clear
(4) Visibility: 12 miles
(5) Amount of cloud cover: None, but scattered cirrostratus
(6) Winds (a): (blank)
(7) Thunderstorms in area: None
(8) Vertical temperature gradient: Not available


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

a. There was no other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise observed.

b. Identification or Identification action taken.

c. The incident was not reported until 12 Jul 67, by the observing pilot to the Macon Police Department, which in turn contacted 2nd Bombardment Wing, Robins AFB.

d. Following aircraft were in the area within a two hour time period of the occurred sighting:
1 11 Jul 67, one RF-4C, out of M.W. landed at Robins AFB at 0059 hours, 11 Jul 67.
1 11 Jul 67, aircraft, out of M.W. landed at Robins AFB at 0101 hours, 11 Jul 67.
1 11 Jul 67, aircraft, out of M.W. landed at Robins AFB at 0818 hours, 11 Jul 67.
1 11 Jul 67, aircraft, out of M.W. landed at Robins AFB at 0108 hours, 11 Jul 67.

e. Comments and Preliminary Analysis of the Investigating Officer
[Partially redacted/blacked out]

The investigation into this reported sighting is considered complete pending further instructions.

The undersigned first learned of the reported sighting from the 2nd Police Sergeant on the afternoon of 12 Jul 67. The nature of the initial report was such as to land the undersigned to conclude that immediate investigation was warranted.

Commencing, an immediate investigation was locally made. Security Division was dispatched to interrogate the observer. This was done on 13 Jul 67 at the individual's office. The following is a more detailed narrative of that was reported:

On 12 Jul 67 at 1932 hours, Desk Sergeant M. L. Higgs, MBRP-4, received a telephone call from the Macon Georgia Police Department reporting that a Mrs. Joyce G. Cardell had called to report two sightings of a UFO, which had taken place the previous day at the time previously mentioned in this report. The first sighting was by her husband and the second by both her and her husband. The sighting described a disk-shaped object about the size of a small airplane and had a "blue-white glow". It existed for some time at approximately 1,000 feet. The husband had previously seen the object while traveling home. Subsequently, he and his wife both observed the object from their home.


- page 8 -

On 13 Jul 67 [rest of text partially obscured] has telephonically contacted by Investigator [name obscured] of the Base Security Division for further investigation. The witness only seen the object for a minute or two, but that her husband had first been the object and could possibly after [text obscured] while at his place of employment. He advised that the object was not the shape, as described by his wife, but was round and "about the size of a soft ball".

Further stated to Investigator Bogan was he had first observed the object at approximately 2015 hours, 11 Jul 67, while driving North on Flo Mono Avenue. The object was high in the sky in an area of him and appeared to be falling. At the time he believed that the object was a satellite. However, the object soon stopped its motion, remained motionless for a short period, and then rapidly disappeared to the N.

Upon receiving Investigator Bogan's report on 14 Jul 67, the undersigned considered it necessary to personally contact the witness for more details. The undersigned moderately asked if he thought it could be within the realm of possibility for the object to have been an airplane, or any other type of identifiable flying object. [rest of paragraph obscured]

[Continued] home and upon arrival, prepared to go to bed. While doing so, he observed through a window in his bedroom an object in the sky which appeared to be the same as the one he had previously seen while driving. Only this time the object appeared to be much closer than before. It was moving above a house located about 275 feet from the [rest obscured] stated that it appeared to be hovering, but not in a regular path, in that it appeared to be floating but [rest obscured]

[The rest of the document continues but parts are obscured or blacked out]


- page 9 -

nor has he an opinion as to what the object was, only that it
was most unusual.

The undersigned is of the opinion that [redacted] is a
level-headed man, not given to sensationalism. In example of
this trait is that he did not report the incident in his wife did.
However, he expressed a slight reticence to discuss the incident
and is quite adamant in his desire that he might not be reported to local news media for fear that he may be ridiculed.

This report contains all the information that thusfare has
been taken by the investigating officer to substantiate reported UFO sightings. The Investigating Officer has reached no
conclusion relative to what the reported object could have been.
However, suffice it to say that as of this date no conclusive
explanation has been determined.

Request any instructions/recommendations re further action(s)
be forwarded the undersigned. Also request notification of your
final determination in this matter.

[Signature of W. R. Elliott]
W. R. ELLIOTT
NARA/UFRO Officer

Cy to: PTD (TEST)
AFRO (TOOL, Mr. Kiss)
MRK (Mr. Hudson)
MRBF (Mr. Bowen)

5


- page 10 -

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla
Page 13

31. 10 July 1967, Azalea, Mississippi.
See attached supplemental sheet B.

32. 11 July 1967, Macon, Georgia.
Temporarily misplaced. Check to see whether this has any relation
to the sighting the previous day in Azalea, Mississippi.

33. 25 July 1967, Manchester, New Hampshire
The only Manchester, New Hampshire case I have is for a different
date.

34. 12 October 1967, Osaloosa County, Florida.
Although this had four witnesses, the data are very poor. A
balloon is used out because of wind at all levels. Two objects,
one trailing the other, nighttime observation, went from the northern
to the southern horizon in three minutes. Anyone of three evaluations:
(1) Insufficient data (2) probable aircraft (3) possible unknown.

35. 31 October 1967, Denver, Colorado.
Do not have in my files. Will do in Dayton.

J. Allen Hynek, Director
Lindheimer Astronomical Research Center
Northwestern University

JAH:lp


- page 11 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
CORRESPONDENCE

TO: Proj. J. Condon         FROM: J. A. Lynch       DATE: July 14, 76

Re: Macon, Ga.   11/Jul/67

The current evaluation to new "power 90 miles" is so far to new entrain because "photrep" with was - partly too all proof - then cleared 113.

No names were in close reading early coming of both existing: 1 0015 and 0145 here -,

4 planes cleared of further

0059
0119
0105
0115

Some - after not of
little cities

"Desc" show just we edge
location long

Also, writing of just we sure at
we are strip of


- page 12 -

