PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
21 Mar 67     22/0200Z

2. LOCATION
Elkhorn, Kentucky     (3 witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (AIRCRAFT)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Six

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched six white colored lights traveling toward the west-horizon. The lights were compared to stars. Also the lights were like the lights on an aircraft except they were white. The objects did not behave as jets. For about a: 5 minutes at appeared as if lights stopped. From the description of the light it appeared an aircraft mission of some type was responsible for the sighting.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Westward

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)     Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
I have never seen such a sight.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
my mother, mot.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: Elkhorn, Kentucky

TELEPHONE NUMBER: 18. SEX: Boy

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special training or experience, which might be pertinent.
no special training except that I do on occasion witness the sky at night, and I know well the difference between a plane, when it flies over and a jet, or a helicopter from the object I saw.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Did not report the objects


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     8     May    1967
                                            Day        Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

at this time I would like to give in as few words as possible a summary of my sighting which was witnessed also by my mother and my sister. Before I start how ever I would like to say that unfortunately I did not reserve a copy of the letter that I sent to wash. D. C.; therefore I have no record of the date on which I have this (digest) object. But the time, date, information you must need is given in my letter to the U.S.A.F, Wash. D. C. which I sent after I saw the objects.

I for one do a great deal of stargazing. I was doing just this that might when I saw these objects. I now worked up at the center of the sky I spotted 2 fast moving lights, they were going as fast as a jet and yet as I listened, I heard no motion sound. Usually, when I see a jet I notice 3 distinct things: (1) there is a red or green or both lights (2) there is a sound even though it takes several seconds to hear it (3) they are gone in a matter of seconds. But these objects did not behave as jets, as they (the 2) came swiftly across the sky, they were together 4 other lights. When the two objects reached the 4 other lights the two objects changed position or one light past over globe and to the other side of its parallel companion. When the 2 objects reached the other 4 lights


- page 3 -

they immediately stopped. One saw the right minute they were standing still, and they were silent still. Now all were in standing "in air" as indicated in the illustration. Suspended or hovering in air, appearing not to move at all. It appears that I summoned my mother and sister out to see them. too. my dad, an unidentified object, did not dare to get them. She objects stayed still in the air, for at least one minute. then they broke their neat formation and together started to move. this time going very slowly. it took them two or three minutes to disappear over the horizon. during this time of 4 or 5 minutes I had (& my mother sister) heard no sound soon blinking light. I must state this before closing that I do not necessarily believe they were flying saucers. But I do believe that they were some kind of jet plane, or helicopter. in short I just don't know what they were. so please don't take me as a plemate, for I repeat I do not know what they were.


- page 4 -

(Aircraft/possible)

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:

TDET/UFO

3 May 1967

SUBJECT:

UFO Observation 21 Mar 67

TO:

Elkhorn, Kentucky 42733

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 5 -

Elkhorn, Ky.
March 26, 1967
42-733

Department of the Air Force
United States Air Force
Washington D.C. 20330

Dear Sirs:

Last Wednesday, the 21 of March I stepped outside before going to bed to get some fresh air. The time was 9 R.M. My attention was suddenly captured by a pair of parallel bright, steady lights gliding silently across the sky above me. Suddenly the 2 lights stopped at a point in the sky where 2 more pair were "waiting". There they were 3 pair of lights; each pair parallel to the other, hovering motionless in the air. There was little if any wind and I heard no motor or other mechanical noise of any kind. It appears to me that they (the lights) were


- page 6 -

no jets, or planes. I do a great deal of star gaging and I have never seen anything like it in my life. They hung in the air for about 20 minutes, each above the other, then they slowly without sound or fuel stream they began to fly on to the west. I witnessed this sighting 6 miles from Campbellsville, Kentucky. It is located in the South, Central portion of the state. I would appreciate it very much if you would write me and give your conclusion as to what might have been.

THANK YOU,

Sincerely Yours,

[The signature and name are redacted/blacked out]


- page 7 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
   Year: 1967

2. Time of day: 9, 5
   (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
   (Circle One): a. Eastern
   (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
   Elkhorn, Taylor Co., Kentucky

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
   5 Minutes

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By livingroom clock
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky?
   DAY: a. Bright
   NIGHT: a. Bright

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
   (Circle One): f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164 This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry was cool
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text: Like a light on a plane only they were curved]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other [Handwritten text: They were well defined points of light could see 3 or 4 points of light moving]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know are present for each question]

Page 9 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO, I saw them continuously

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes - NO - Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes - No - Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: they (6) were absolutely silent,
b. Color: White appeared as strongly moved

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? yes, but they
were at about 2 deg. from edge.

They appeared only as lights but they're were
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch with dots and annotations showing the object's position and movement]

(mavager
trails)


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 400n 500 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 2500 p.ft. altitude
or more

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

If a plane went over the light of gives off, would be like that. But it was white close to edge and went sideways through the sky. They went as fast as yet then stopped immediately and stood still for at least 1 minute.


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten notes on the drawing include:
(went on west, slowly)
(stopped)
(went very fast)

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 6 or 3 pairs

Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[Handwritten notes on the drawing include:
Then traveled
WEST
before
formation
after 1
minute
of hovering

first 2
spotted]


- page 12 -

