PROJECT 1007/3 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP
19 Jan 67 7/600.52

2. LOCATION
Issaquah, Washington

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
NE

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft (possible)

one

Copy for
Hqtrs.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched a long cigar shaped object with port-holes travel toward the NE. There was a high pitch sound heard by the observers ears. The color of the object was white-blue with a large green light in the middle. The object also had an exhaust.

FTD SEA 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

19 Jan 67 Issaquah, Wash.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
[Date fields partially filled in]

2. Time of day: 1 45 Hour Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
            b. Central
            c. Mountain
            d. Pacific
            e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Name redacted] Issaquah, Washington City/Town State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    15 Hours Minutes Seconds

    a. Certain
    b. Fairly certain
    c. Not very sure
    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [Handwritten text, partially illegible]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT DURING DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other ____________________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did this object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? [Handwritten response partially illegible]

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   [No]   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   [Yes]   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:
a tree

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Shape: [Handwritten response partially illegible]
b. Color: [Handwritten response partially illegible]

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? [Handwritten response partially illegible]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an elongated object with multiple circular sections, with an arrow indicating direction of movement]


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 120 mph

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 mile or more

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 d. Southeast            g. West
b. Northeast             e. South                h. Northwest
c. East                  f. Southwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes   No     e. Binoculars       Yes   No
b. Sun glasses          Yes   No     f. Telescope        Yes   No
c. Windshield           Yes   No     g. Theodolite       Yes   No
d. Window glass         Yes   No     h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[Handwritten text appears to be partially illegible]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 1
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
No, never!

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   [No]
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [partially redacted] Issaquah [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 11   SEX girl

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[partially illegible text]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[Handwritten text, partially legible:]
"It was so frightening to me
even explain
I won't go into it, am
[Last line is mostly illegible]"

Page 7 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 8 -

