PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
6 Jan 67 14:21:02

2. LOCATION
Scarsdale, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian (13)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
3 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground - Visual

7. COURSE
Westward

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
Aircraft(possible)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer watched a bright, silvery-white colored object move almost directly overhead. At this point the object moved downward-then straight up until the small portion moved on to the western sky. The object was long and thin in shape. Three or four alike proportions were noted sticking out from the front portion.

Location of sighting is exposed to New York City air traffic and also that of nearby Westchester Airport. The description is consistent with that of an aircraft observation.

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-529 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

6 Jan 67   Scarsdale, N.Y.   H/C

A. Description of the Object(s):

1. Shape: Long and thin. Sort of cigar-shaped. Three or four arm-like protrusions sticking out from front portion.

2. Size compared to a known object: Size varied during period of sighting. When largest, it was approximately the size of a barn held at arm's length.

3. Color: Bright silvery-white.

4. Number: One.

5. Formation, if more than one: N/A

6. Any discernible features or details: None other than protrusions mentioned above.

7. Tail, trail, or exhaust, including size of same compared to size of object(s): None

8. Sound, if heard, describe sound: None

9. Other pertinent or unusual features: None

B. Description of Course of Object(s):

1. What first called the attention of observer(s) to the object(s): Brightness.

2. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: 20 deg. above horizon in the SE quadrant.

3. Angle or elevation and azimuth of object(s) upon disappearance: 60 deg. above the horizon to the West.


- page 2 -

4. Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s):
Moved in smooth arc until almost directly overhead- Then downward (toward surface)- then straight up until size of 5. How did the object(s) disappear: small star- then moving to west. Observed with into house- did not witness disappearance.

6. How long (were) the object(s) visible:
Maximum of three minutes. Possibly as little as two minutes.

C. Manner of Observation:
Ground-Visual

1.

2. Optical Aids:
None

3.

D. Time and Date of Sighting:

1. Zulu time-date group of sighting:
22-52 5 Jan 1967

2. Light conditions:
Night, Moon and stars clearly visible.

E. Location of Observer(s):
41 deg. N    75 deg. 40' West

F. Identifying Information on Observer(s):

1. Military or Civilian:    Civilian

2. Name: [redacted]

3. Age:    13

4. Mailing Address:    Scarsdale, N.Y.

5. Occupation:    Student

6. Estimate of Reliability:    Apparently reliable sighting.
2    Sighting confirmed by phone with observer's mother.


- page 3 -

G. Weather and Winds - Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:

1. Observer(s) account of weather conditions:
Very clear.    Little or no wind.

2. Report from nearest AWS or U.S. Weather Bureau Office:
Clear with more than fifteen miles visibility. Temp.-25 deg.F
Dew Point 14 deg F. Wind   070 deg. at 4 knots. Altimeter - 3032.

3. Ceiling:
None

4. Visibility:
15 Plus

5. Amount of cloud cover:
None

6. Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located:
None

7. Vertical temperature gradient:
3000-5000' - 4 degree Inversion   From * 5000' up - Standard lapse Rate.
(Data from Albany sounding - No WIG sounding for this date.)

H. Any Other Unusual Activity or Condition:
None

I. Interception or Identification Action Taken:
None

3


- page 4 -

J. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area which might possibly account for the sighting:
None known.

K. Position, title and comments of the preparing officer:
Lack of sufficient information and unusual shape of object sighted as reported by observer render a possible stimulus difficult to determine. Location of sighting is exposed to New York City traffic and also that of nearby Westchester Co. Airport. Vertical movement suggests a helicopter sighting. Apparent protrusions could have been moon's reflection on motor blades. Insufficient information prohibits further speculation.

[Signature]
HARRY I. PIERCE, Capt, USAF
Investigating Officer

L. Existence of physical evidence, such as materials and photographs:
None


- page 5 -

