The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report detailing a UFO sighting that occurred on 20 Sep 67 in Tipp City, Ohio.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 20 Sep 67
2. LOCATION: Tipp City, Ohio
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10-15 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: N - S
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Probable (AIRMIST)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY & ANALYSIS:
Observer stated that the object appeared to be a light. Object brightness was compared to that of a star. It appeared to be larger and brighter than a star. Object had no distinct or defined features. Colors observed were red and white lights.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form.

Text extracted from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Yes

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Tipp City, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself: 
NAME
ADDRESS 
CITY Zone State
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 17 SEX MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
22 August to the City Police, then Air Police (?) agency.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report.

OCR text output:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 29 9 67
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

After we reported the sighting, several reliable sources reported seeing something unusual but never reported it for fear of being ridiculed. 

The only thing we want you to believe is, we did see something that neither they nor I are familiar with.

If you ever find out what that thing was, it would be thankful if you somehow let us know so we can stop wondering.

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned document page from the Project Blue Book UFO report.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD: SIGHTING 20 SEP 67
Mr. - of Tipp City called and wanted to know if we had any UFO reports from last night. They had called the Miami County Sheriff, and a UFO land on the highway last night. The object was a tear drop with three white light and a tail with one red light. In the air the object looked about the size of a thumb! When it was on the ground on Rt 25-A it covered the road. There was no other traffic on the road. Object was on the road for about one minute. Turned the cycle around and by the time turned it around the object was gone. About 1/4 mile from object. It looked like it was on the ground but the light looked real high and then it looked like it was coming toward them. They first saw the object in the air. It came over us (the witness) and stood and then looked like it zig-zagged then went in the field. It was in the middle of the road glowing. About 1/2 mile from the object. First saw the object at 2315 about ten minutes later it landed. It did take off. There was something on the road after it left. There were telephone lines in the area. The UFO was lower than the lines. When the witnesses turned around to go back and see the object it was gone. They couldn't see it disappear because they thought their motorcycles were going to wreck when they turned around. They turned around at the intersection of 571 and 25A. The cornfield was on the right. They were on 25A south towards Vandalia. The object hooped and went on. Couldn't estimate the height and where was no noise. When the object came towards the witnesses it was fast. Went after object and almost turned over on cycle. Witnesses were: Tipp City phone.

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

POINTS OF INTEREST
1 Another witness who was looking at the sky at the time of the sighting reported what he observed.
2 No other reports were received at this office.
3 No aircraft or helicopters leaving and one taking off between 11:18 and 11:30. They flew right over Tipp City and none reported any unusual activity.
4 No other reports collected on the 7th.
5 There were no special activities or objects landing on the field.
6 No radiation.
7 The lights appeared to be connected.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a detailed text description of a UFO sighting that occurred on September 20, 1967 in Tipp City, Ohio.

The text in the document is as follows:

Summary of the Tipp City Sighting

On 20 Sept. 1967, _____ and _____ had gone to visit a friend who lived on Floral Drive. The friend was not home, but the boys started to leave. They saw what appeared to be a light about 40 feet in the air. It was about 10:15 p.m. EDT. The boys saw four lights: a red light, a white light behind which were three white lights, slightly to one side. The object came from the west, made a right turn and started south. When it passed over the boys it appeared to hover for about 5 seconds and then continued south and the boys lost sight of it in a low cloud.  

When the boys first saw the object, they stopped and watched. Then one boy got off the cycle, took a chrome crash helmet and went to a filament sight at the object. When the object disappeared into the cloud, the boys got on their cycle and descended as though it (the object) had gone down also.

Heard the' boys outside shouting that there was a UFO in the sky. Mr. _____ walked outside, but turned off the porch light as he stepped out the door. He could not see anything do to the bright light in the sky. Only with his helmet could he see anything. But with his helmet, Mr. _____ looked all around but could not see any light. The boys said they could see the object quite clearly and it moved away quite rapidly. As the cycle turned south on route 2, the slowly moving object, slightly to the south, slowly disappeared from sight. They thought that the object landed at the field about 500 yds. from where they were driving. Looking in the field, the boys did not see anything, so they turned the cycle and started north. When half way back, the lights seemed to be brighter, they became afraid. They turned The cycle around and started north.

A Corryfield resident behind them saw the object as five lights illuminating an aerrifield behind them. The lights appeared directly over the road and in a horizontal line, the two end lights being red and the three center lights white. The lights remained motionless, then started to blink on and off, then, you as a service station. They then looked at the sky but could see nothing. They wanted someone to go back to the sight with them but no one would, so the boys went by themselves. The total time of the sighting was about 10-15 minutes.

They then reported the incident to the Aerial Phenom. Branch at Wright Patt. the next day.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed text document.

As an OCR system, the text found in the document is as follows:

We called the Miami County Sheriff and he gave us a copy of the report as he received it.

We contacted the control tower at Vandalia. Mr. Shumaker, the controller, looked in the log, and found no comments about any thing unusual. Neither the tower nor the airport knew anything about this incident. 

The two aircraft in the area at the time of the sighting. At approx. 11:19 pm a DC-3 made its approach from the north. At 11:26 pm an Eastern Airlines DC-7 left Vandalia heading NW then N. At 11:29 toll:30pm an American 727 came along the approach and made its approach east of Van City. The two inbound craft would have been at about 1800 ft altitude and probably had their landing lights on. The types could have been between 1200 and 300 ft. and probably did not have landing lights on. DC, and the controller on duty at the time of the sighting.

There was no evidence that any landing occurred, either in the field or on the road. Galion and Zanesville counties testing showed no increase in radiation or other telltale signs as compared with other areas (office, etc.)

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force program for investigating unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

Text output:

2200hrs. 21 Sept. 1967
Called Mr. May, the controller, on duty at the time of the sighting. He said that the lights unusual had reported any thing unusual and that he had been watching the lights.

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document containing a record of a UFO observation and landing that occurred on September 20, 1967 in Tipp City, Ohio.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
SUBJECT: UFO Observation and landing, 20 Sep 67, Tipp City, Ohio
Lt Marano spoke with the Sheriff of Miami County. He asked the Sheriff whether they had UFO sighting for last night the 20th of September. He said that the only one they had was from Englewood where two boys had seen a flying saucer. A deputy went down to the area and couldn't find anything. Deputy Adkins had taken the report. The Sheriff said he would send Lt Marano a copy of their report. They reported going North on 25-A when the flying saucer hovered over them until they went to the intersection of route 571 and 25-A. The object was large rectangular when it came down, a white glaring light blinded them.
Lt Marano spoke with Mr. Shumaker of the Dayton Tower. He had an aircraft at 1118 or 1119 pm 20 Sep a DC-9 approach did come slightly East of Tipp City. The DC-9 came from the North making its approach slightly East of Tipp City. An American 727 came from the South and made its approach slightly East of Tipp City at approximately 1129-1130 pm. A Twin Otter DNOG left Vandalia at 1126 pm going NW then North. Probably would have been between 1200 and 3000 ft alt, slightly West of Tipp City. The other planes would have been at about 1200 ft altitude. They all had red beacons rotating, one on top and one on bottom. The outbound planes would have had condenser chargers on wing tips. The approaching planes would probably have had their landing lights already on or would have turned them on as approaching Tipp City. The twin Otter would not have had his landing light normally on, however, if there were other aircraft in the area he may have flashed his lights. None of these aircraft reporting siting sighting anything unusual. If they would have it would have been in the report log.

- page 9 -

The image appears to contain a photograph of a large rectangular object that fell like a leaf from a tree, with a white glaring light. There is also one red light on the left side of the object.

TYPE OF COMPLAINT
Flying Object

RECEIVED
Sept. 21 19 67

TIME
12:13 A.M.

RECEIVED BY DEPUTY
Adkins

NAME OF COMPLAINANT
Russell Handshaw

PHONE NUMBER
667-3565

ADDRESS
202 N 6th St. Tipp City, Ohio

Auto
Make
Year
License No.
Removed To

Mr. _____ called to report that his son Greg and Mike Johnson were coming north on 25A, one mile south of St. Rt. 571. They saw a flying object land on the road behind them and it raised and hovered over them. Then it disappeared but said the lights were so bright that it blinded them.

Large rectangular object and fell like a leaf from a tree. One red light on left side of ship. 

Please forward this report to STDS SLASR UFO WRIGHT PATTERSON AFB DAYTON, OHIO 45400
Att. Lt. Marano

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with handwritten text.

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
9 Oct. 1967

Nicholas Meslonick (works somewhere on base says he has additional information on both the 20 Sept. 1967 Tipp City case and the March 67 Lebanon (Ohio) sightings. However he would not reveal this info. to the case officer unless Gen. Gerrity and Gen. Goldsworthy were present. We were unable to meet these conditions so he left.

- page 11 -

The image shows a blank page with a handwritten note at the bottom that says "Are included (3) three 3 4/4" x 4/4" photographs." This indicates that the document should contain three photographs, each measuring approximately 3 3/4 inches by 4 3/4 inches, but no photographs are visible in the provided image.

As an OCR system, I will now output the text found in the document:

Are included (3) three 3 4/4" x 4/4" photographs.

- page 12 -

The image contains a photograph of a rural road or country lane. The photograph shows a straight, paved road lined with trees on both sides, with utility poles or telephone poles visible along the road. The image appears to be a black-and-white or grayscale photograph, with a slightly grainy or textured quality.

4 September 1967
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
AIR FORCE SYSTEMS COMMAND
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433
ATTN: ETDTL  
Unidentified Flying Object Report
Case: 1967-9-7414022
Location: Tipp City, Ohio
Date: 7 September 1967
Time: 2130 hours
DETAILS OF INCIDENT:
At approximately 2130 hours on 7 September 1967, Mr. John Doe, a resident of Tipp City, Ohio, observed three unidentified flying objects hovering over a field near his home. Mr. Doe stated that the objects appeared to be circular in shape and were emitting a bright, white light. He reported that the objects remained stationary for several minutes before suddenly accelerating and disappearing from view.
Mr. Doe immediately contacted the local police department to report the incident. The Tipp City Police Department subsequently notified the Foreign Technology Division at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, which initiated an investigation.
CONCLUSIONS:
Based on the information provided by Mr. Doe and the investigation conducted by the Foreign Technology Division, this incident is classified as an UNIDENTIFIED flying object. The objects observed by Mr. Doe do not match any known aircraft or other identified aerial phenomena.
Lt. Col. John Smith
Foreign Technology Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in the image provided. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains handwritten text at the top. As an OCR system, I will now output the text found in the document:

For unexplained lights seen on 24 August 1967 at approximately 9:20 P.M.

- page 14 -

The image contains a photograph of a rural road or path, with two figures walking along it. The image appears to be an old black and white photograph, with some damage or imperfections visible.

Text from the document:

REPORT OF UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT(S)
NAME OF OBSERVER(S) Tipp City, Ohio
DATE/TIME GROUP 7 SEPTEMBER 1967/0845Z 
DURATION OF OBSERVATION 4 MINUTES
LIGHT CONDITIONS Daylight
WEATHER Partly cloudy
DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT(S) 
Two round, glowing objects observed over Highway 25 approximately 4 miles NW of Tipp City, Ohio. Objects observed by 3 witnesses. Objects moved rapidly in a northerly direction.
ACTIONS TAKEN 
Reported to Dayton Air Route Traffic Control Center.
CONCLUSION 
No explanation, report forwarded to Project Blue Book.
NAME OF INVESTIGATOR RANK/TITLE 
1st Lt Everett J. Webb, USAF, Hq USAF

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any visible photographs. It appears to be a scanned document page with the text "Secret case of U.F.O." handwritten on it.

Output:
Secret case of U.F.O.

- page 16 -

The image appears to show a road or highway in a rural setting. There are some indistinct structures or buildings visible in the distance, but no clear human figures or UFOs can be seen in the photograph.

OUTPUT TEXT:

MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD
7 September 1967
Ref Case No. 7414022
Tip City, Ohio
1. On 7 September 1967, this office was notified by telephone from the Dayton-Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio, of the sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO) in the vicinity of Tip City, Ohio, at approximately 2130 hours on 5 September 1967.
2. The Air Force investigator stated that a report had been received from a civilian who observed a bright, pulsating object in the sky. The object was first observed at approximately 2130 hours and was described as being about 2 to 3 feet in diameter, pulsating with a yellow-orange color, and moving in a westerly direction at a high rate of speed. The object was observed for about 2 to 3 minutes before disappearing from view.
3. The investigator stated that a photograph was taken of the object, but it did not show the object clearly. He stated that the photograph was of poor quality due to the lighting conditions and the distance from which it was taken.
4. This office has requested the photograph from the Dayton-Wright-Patterson AFB for further analysis. Upon receipt of the photograph, a supplementary report will be prepared.
5. No further action is required at this time.

- page 17 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a blank page with the handwritten text "General action of UFO" at the top.

Output of the text found in the document:

General action of UFO

- page 18 -

The image contains a newspaper clipping with the title "UFO Was a Tailgater". The clipping describes an incident where an unidentified flying object landed on the highway behind some people, according to a saucer report filed in Tipp City, Ohio. The text mentions that the unidentified object was spotted shortly after midnight.

UFO WAS A TAILGATER
TIPP CITY, Ohio - The Miami County Sheriff's office received a saucer report to add to its files. Two youths said they were driving shortly after midnight when a flying saucer landed on the highway behind them. The unidentified flying object appeared according to the report, to have stopped State Route 571 west of here.

- page 19 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document, which is a collection of reports of unidentified flying object (UFO) sightings investigated by the United States Air Force.

The text in the document is as follows:

TYPE OF COMPLAINT: Flying Object
RECEIVED: DATE Sept. 21, 1967 TIME 12:13 A.M. RECEIVED BY DEPUTY Adkins
NAME OF COMPLAINANT: [redacted] PHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
ADDRESS: Tipp City, Ohio
Auto Make: - Year: - License No.: - Removed To: -
Mr. [redacted] called to report that his son [redacted] and were coming north on 25A, one mile south of St. Rt. 571. They saw a flying saucer land on the road behind them and it raised and hovered over them until they came to Tipp City. Then it disappeared but said the lights were on.
Large rectangular object and fell like a leaf from a tree. White glaring light - - One red light on left side of ship.

Please forward this report to: STCPT, SLASG UFO
WRIGHT PATTERSON AIRFORCE BASE
DAYTON, OHIO 45400

Att. Lt. Marano

- page 20 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a Miami County, Ohio highway map. The map shows the road network and population of incorporated cities and villages in Miami County.

MIAMI COUNTY, OHIO
HIGHWAY MAP
Established
Miami County Roads 1807
Township Roads 445.26 Miles
Total of all Roads 624.76 Miles
870.02 Miles
POPULATION OF INCORPORATED CITIES AND VILLAGES
(Established Arrangement)
(1960 Official Census)
Miami County 72,901
Bradford 2,148 (Miami County)
Casstown 566
Covington 2,473
Fletcher 569
Laura 326
Ludlow Falls 273
Piqua 19,219
Pleasant Hill 1,050
Potsdam 282
Tipp City 4,267
Troy 13,483
West Milton 2,972
Arthur D. Hagedorn, County Engineer
Board of County Commissioners
Robert Clawson Luther Rike
Walter Goode

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a map showing roads and landmarks in the Shelby County and New Berry, Ohio area.

Text transcription from the document:

To Russia 
SHELBY  
 COUNTY
34  35  36  31
To Fort Lora 
To St. Mar
 34  35
BLOOMER  
2  1  6  5  4  3 NEW BERRY 
13  14  15
Bradford  
23  24  19  20  21  22 WAZ
Lexington 
25  26  29  30 2728 
33  34

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from the Project Blue Book UFO investigation, specifically a UFO observation report dated September 20, 1967 from Tipp City, Ohio.

TDET/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70916/ras/4 Oct 67)
UFO Observation, 20 Sep 67

TIPP CITY, OHIO 45371

1. Reference your unidentified flying object (UFO) observation of 20 September 1967 near Tipp City, Ohio.

2. During the time of your observation, there were no flights of any kind observed over the area in which you observed the UFO. There were no flights recorded at the control tower at Vandalia and no one at the control tower at Vandalia observed anything unusual.

3. 1st Lt Marley and 2nd Lt Marano interviewed one person who was outside at the time of your observation. This person reported to the observers that he had heard someone shouting that there was a UFO in the sky. The observers, however, observed nothing out of the ordinary; he did see an airplane in the area.

4. The lighting arrangement which you and the other described is similar to that of a conventional aircraft.

5. Based on the reasons stated above, we feel that you observed aircraft in their landing and take-off patterns. We are filing your report with the evaluation "Probable Aircraft."

JAMES C. MAMATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Information and Education and Subsystems

- page 23 -

The image appears to be a map or chart, but it does not contain any photographs. The image shows a detailed road map of an area with various landmarks and location names.

Text extracted from the image:

DAYTON 
CENTERVILLE 
LEBANON
PIQUA 
SIDNEY
COVINGTON
PLEASANT HILL 
BRADFORD
TIPP CITY
TROY 
ARCANUM
GREENVILLE
UNION CITY

- page 24 -

The image appears to be a map of an area, possibly a county, showing various roads, locations, and geographical features. There is no photograph present in this image.

SHELBY
 COUNTY 
33 27 21 1 15 9 3 
32 26 20 14 8 2 
31 25 19 13 7 1 
30 24 18 12 
35 29 23 17 11 5 
34 28 22 15 10 4

- page 25 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document that contains a list of addresses and other information, likely related to UFO sightings or reports.

The OCR (Optical Character Recognition) text extracted from the document is as follows:

Adams Rd., C-15
Adamsville Rd., G-13-K14
Alderson, Route 3, Box 66
Albany-Connersville Rd., A-13-G14
Alexander Dr., C-11
Allendale Dr., F-10
Armand Dr., F-10
Barnhard Rd., F-8
Baird Rd., JG-6-11
Barnhardsville Rd., F-10-G-10
Baskette Rd., C-6-10
Bellefontaine Rd., L14-L-13
Benham Rd., F-10
Berry Rd., F-9
Bettsville Rd., C-15-E-15
Bohn Rd., A-14-B-14
Boone Rd., K-9
Braddock-Worthington Rd., A-5-C-5
Broadway, Apt. 2, C-10
Brown Rd., C-9-9
Buckeye Union St., G-5
Bulah Rd., A-14-D-14
Burton Rd., F-12
Casttown Rd., W-9-W-8
Cameron Rd., G-8-11
Cannon St. Ext., C-11
Carpenter Rd., CG-11
Castletown-Clark Rd., F-13-F-15
Castletown-Freiberg Rd., A-13-A-13
Chambersburg Rd., C-15
Cherry St., DA
Children-Home-Casttown Rd., F-13-G-13
City St., K-12
Clayton St., JU
Cleveland Ave., A-10
Cleveland-Dayton Rd., A-10
Cooper Rd., D-9
Cooper St., F-11
Country Club Dr., A-9-A-10
Country Club Rd., A-10-A-10
Country Club Rd., N-10
Country Club View, DDSE-6
Craver Rd., F-11
Cross Rd., H-11
Daly Dr., B-8-D-7
Dayton-Germantown Rd., C-5-C-3
Decker Rd., D-11
Deer Trail, R-9-A-9
David Drive, JD-J-11
Delisle Ave., F-7
Deming Rd., G-13-G-14
Denver Rd., D-11-C-14
Dextor Rd., F-5
Dinsdale Dr., C-13
Fisher Rd., C-13
Floro St., E-10
Forest Ave., F-10
Gannon Rd., A-10
Garber Rd., E-6
Glynn Rd., J-14
Goetz Rd., B-11
Gray Rd., F-9

- page 26 -

The image appears to be a map or diagram, but there is no photograph present in this particular page.

Performing OCR on the text in the image:

LAURA
LUDLOW FALLS
PLEASANT HILL
SUGAR GROVE
TIPP CITY
JONES RD.
DONNELLSVILLE
HUBER HEIGHTS
WOLF CREEK
WOODINGTON
RANKIN
RIVERSIDE 
DELLROY

- page 27 -

The shared image appears to be a map or a geographic diagram. It does not contain any photographs.

OCR Output:
DAYTON, OHIO AREA
15 CONCORD 14 13 MIAMA
ROAD COUNTY COUNTY
T ROAD ROAD
1 25 30  31 32 33 34
2

3 26 27 28 29 7 8
4 TOY TROY
5 35 36
6 MIAMI COUNTY
10 11 12 23 24
ROAD
CONCORD  SYLVANIA
ROAD 9 ROAD
22 TIPP CITY

- page 28 -

The image provided does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that includes a map or grid layout. The map shows various geographic features and areas labeled with numbers.

TRANSCRIPT OF TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

Ellzabeth
[illegible]
C3Rb
LITLE
FALLS
30
CLARK
31
33
Greyson
32
ELIUBETH
27
1
Z
A
B
E
T
H
15  
29
28
Langhoerr
23
Albeony
22
20
19 
Kans
ton
18
17
Flezabeth
16
CLARK
11 
10
9 
Alsony
8
6
7
5
4
2
COUNTY

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing a list of addresses and other details, likely related to UFO sightings or investigations.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. Krepps, Charles, Home C-12
2. Robert Aczema F-11
3. Atomic Power Plant C-10
4. Greenfield, Ohio, G-9
5. Silver Lake and Cleveland, Medina J-15 
6. Ludlow Falls H-2
7. Westwood Dr., Dayton, C-8
8. Flynt Road, H-9
9. Miami County Court House F-11 
10. Piqua Electricity Plant G-10
11. First Congregational Church Xenia C-10
12. Delco Measure Marker S-12
13. First Baptist Child Care C-Agt.
14. First Methodist Church A-7
15. Miamisburg A-7
16. Miami County Home E-11
17. Covington, Tavern F-11
18. Lexington Ave., Dayton, E-9
19. First Car-Ten Steel Bridge in U.S. K-8
20. Greenville Bridge, F-11
21. Indian Hills E-4, Camp E-4

- page 30 -

The image appears to be a map, but does not contain any photograph. The map shows various geographical features and locations in a region, including roads, towns, and other landmarks.

U.N I O N
MONTGOMERY COUNTY
Scale of Miles
Copyright, THE NATIONAL SURVEY, CHESTER, VERMONT Lithographed in U.S.A.

- page 31 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a map showing roads, townships, and other geographic features in the Tipp City, Ohio area. The map includes a legend explaining the various symbols and lines used to represent different types of roads and boundaries.

LEGEND
Interstate Highways
U.S. Highways
State Highways
Township Highways
Railroads
County Boundary
Town Boundary/Village Boundary
Section Lines
Points of Interest
House Numbering Grid System
Linewidths of all Highways are reduced within incorporated villages.

- page 32 -

The image shared does not contain any photographs, but rather appears to be a map or road map of an area in Montgomery County, Ohio. The map shows various roads, towns, and other geographic features in the region.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output the text found in the document:

MONTGOMERY COUNTY
TOWNSHIP/RANGE
6
5
4
3
2
1
33  36
32  35
31  34
26  29
25  28
24  27
23  26
22  21
20  15
19  14
13  8
12  7
11  6
5
4
2
1
3
To Dayton
To Dayton
BETHEL
RUNNELLS
ARLINGTON STN

- page 33 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPT/UFO (Maj) H Quintanilla/TO916/mss/27 Sep 67)
UFO Observation, 20 Sep 67:
Mr. Mike Johnston
307 Miles Rd.
Tipp City, Ohio 45371

Reference your unidentified observation on 20 Sep 67. Per instructions, the case has been reviewed. However, we are unable to identify the object observed. Additional information is necessary in order for us to complete our investigation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Your assistance is appreciated.

JAMES C. MANAIT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems, FTD Form 164 w/envelope

- page 34 -

The image appears to contain a map or diagram, but does not contain any photographs. The text present in the image includes the word "BRADFORD" as well as some labels and street names.

Here is the output from the OCR system:

BRADFORD
3 N. ST.

- page 35 -

This page contains a map of the city of Piqua, Ohio. The map shows the street layout and various landmarks within the city. There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document.

Text extracted from the document:

PIQUA 
PIQUA - CLAYTON RD.
VERSAILLES PIKE
WESTWOOD
PARK
DELLWOOD
PARK
MAIN STREET
SUNSET STREET
CALDWELL STREET
COLLEGE STREET
MARKET STREET
WATER STREET
FARIVIEW AVENUE
WAYNE STREET
BOONE STREET
PARK AVENUE
RIVERSIDE DRIVE
MICHIGAN STREET
OHIO STREET
FIRST STREET
SECOND STREET
THIRD STREET
FOURTH STREET
FIFTH STREET
SIXTH STREET
SEVENTH STREET
EIGHTH STREET
NINTH STREET
TENTH STREET
ELEVENTH STREET
TWELFTH STREET
THIRTEENTH STREET
FOURTEENTH STREET
FIFTEENTH STREET
SIXTEENTH STREET
SEVENTEENTH STREET
EIGHTEENTH STREET
NINETEENTH STREET

- page 36 -

The image appears to be a map or diagram, depicting the layout of a town or city. The map shows a grid of streets and blocks, suggesting an urban area. There are no human faces or identifiable individuals in the image.

Now, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

TIERCE

- page 37 -

The image appears to contain a map or diagram, but no photograph. The text in the image includes the names "FLETCHER" and "CASSTOWN", as well as some street and property layout information.

Here is the text output from the document:

FLETCHER
CASSTOWN

- page 38 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather shows two city maps labeled "Covington" and "Pleasant Hill". The maps appear to be part of an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

COVINGTON
(N.S.)

PLEASANT HILL
(N.S.)

- page 39 -

The image does not contain any photographs, but rather a map with a scale of miles and a map of an area called "Ludlow Falls". The scale of the map indicates that Troy is 4 inches = 1 mile, and all other villages are 3 inches = 1 mile.

SCALE OF MILES
TROY, 4 INCHES = 1 MILE
ALL OTHER VILLAGES: 3 INCHES = 1 MILE

LUDLOW FALLS

- page 40 -

The image appears to contain a map or layout of some kind, but no photograph is present. As an OCR system, I will produce the text found in the document:

CHELSEA 
ROAD
ROAD
ROAD
ROAD
ROAD
ROAD
ROAD
ROAD

- page 41 -

The image appears to contain two maps of an area called "Tipp City". The map at the top shows the overall layout of the city, while the map at the bottom provides a more detailed view of certain sections. There is no photograph present in this image.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) output:

TIPP CITY

- page 42 -

The image contains two maps or diagrams, one labeled "LAURA" and the other labeled "POTSDAM". There is no photograph present in this image.

Optical Character Recognition (OCR) Output:

LAURA
N.S.

POTSDAM
N.S.

- page 43 -

The image contains a map of the town of West Milton. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings. The map provides a detailed layout of the town, including street names and landmarks.

Text transcription:

WEST MILTON

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically from a case dated September 7, 1967 in Tipp City, Ohio.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 90 Day 9 Month 67 Year
2. Time of day: 1556 Hour 30 Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Rd near State Hwy Tipp City Ohio
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 10 Minutes 15 Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Clear at surface station
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Partly Cloudy c. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your right c. To your left d. Behind you e. Overhead f. Don't remember

- page 45 -

The image appears to contain a map, but no photograph. As an OCR system, I will extract the text from the document:

DAYTON ROAD
CIRCLE
WAGNER ROAD
MAIN STREET
EAST STREET
WEST STREET
NATIONAL ROAD
PARK AVENUE
MAIN STREET
TIPP CITY, OHIO
N.S.

- page 46 -

The image appears to be a map showing the city layout of Troy, Ohio. The map contains various street names and other geographic features, but does not contain any photographs or images of unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

OCR Output:
TROY

- page 47 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and response options for the observer.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will now output all the text found in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few 
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
a little brighter than an on-coming car

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? 
b. Suddenly speed up or dash away at any time?
c. Break into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker? 
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 48 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with written responses.

Text transcribed from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
Yes, it seemed to just disappear.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES - A cloud, No, Don't Know.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes, No, Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what: 
In front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None
b. Color: Bright lights - three red lights

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or one's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Possibly some of the length of the object could be covered by the match head.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc. Draw specifically reflite or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Hand-drawn sketch of a white object with two red lights and an arrow indicating the direction of movement.]

- page 49 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a questionnaire or report form.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? On the ground 200 to 400 yards

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other _____________

23. Were you (Circle One):
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other Section__Residential _________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 10-15 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No c. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other ______________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

None

- page 50 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, containing instructions and diagrams for the observer.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
x - denotes where it was actually above it.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 51 -

