There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 27 Jul 67
2. SOURCE: Civilian
3. LOCATION: Durand, Michigan
10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer sighted a round amber light that was a little less
bright than a full moon. The object was seen in the sky and
made no noise. The sighting was not recorded until Feb
1968 at which time it was too late to investigate it.
7. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
8. PHOTOS: None

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only text. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

APPENDIX A

USAF SIGHTING QUESTIONNAIRE*

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the us Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified object (s) which you have observed. The information that you give will be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is available for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 27 July 1967

2. Time of day: 10 20 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Durand, Michigan

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 2-3 minutes

6. What was the condition of the sky? 
a. Daylight
b. Dusk
c. Dark
d. Clouds: 
(Circle One)

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. Back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead

*FTD Form 164, "U.S. Air Force Technical Information", October 1962.

- page 2 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or questionnaire related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting, likely from Project Blue Book, a historic United States Air Force program that investigated UFO reports.

A-2
8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Bright moon light, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. Partly obscured, d. Don't remember
9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Scattered clouds, c. Heavy or dense clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember
10. The object appeared: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. As a light, d. Don't remember
11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer, c. About the same, d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: ______________________________
12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One): a. Fuzzy, b. Sharply outlined, c. Like a bright star, d. Don't remember, e. Other ________________
13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)

This appears to be a transcription of the text found in the document. The text describes a UFO sighting report form, with questions about the observed object, weather conditions, and other details related to the sighting.

- page 3 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a round object with an arrow indicating the direction of its movement. The sketch is accompanied by a form with various questions about the sighting of the object, such as whether it disappeared, moved behind something, or moved in front of a cloud. The witness has provided written responses to these questions.

Transcribing the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? It went behind the trees and I could not see the distance.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes (If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind): It moved behind the trees.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. (If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of):

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound: Nil. b. Color: Whitish.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had compared this to the object, how much of the object would the match head have covered? Half.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, extensions, exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 4 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire form with various questions and response options circled by the witness.

Text extracted from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoor
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses (Yes/No) b. Sun glasses (Yes/No) c. Windshield (Yes/No/NA) d. Binoculars (Yes/No) e. Telescope (Yes/No) f. Monocular (Yes/No) g. Other (Yes/No)

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw: bit amber in color and moving slow

- page 5 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of an object or objects in the sky, as well as a compass rose image. There is no photographic image present in this document page.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass to show where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass to show where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and a "B" at the end of the path to show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
    31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) 

32. Please list their names and addresses:
    [Redacted]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
    Day - Month - Year

- page 7 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document, specifically from Project Blue Book. The page consists of a questionnaire with questions and blank spaces for responses.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 28 May 1967
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

- page 8 -

