PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE TIME GROUP
6 October 67 07/0210

2. LOCATION
Cincinnati, Ohio (4 witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
See Summary

8. PHOTOS
[X] No
□ Yes

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Possible (HOT AIR BALLOON)
The description of the object is just like those usually given for garnet bag hot air balloons. Despite the fact that the wind was blowing toward the SW at this time the object seems to be a balloon.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer sighted a bright red object that looked like a balloon after about 15 minutes the object appeared to break up, exploding after having moved up and away giving off smoke and sparks. Observer stated to Duty Officer that object was going due west, but on his log, he indicated that it went NW.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    06    OCT    67
                                              Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
no

Duty Officer's Comments:
Another UFO report from Cincinnati at about the same time was phoned in to and received by an NCO at AFLC Command post by a Mr. [redacted], phone [redacted]. Attempts to reach Mr. [redacted] this evening (6 oct) have been unsuccessful. If you may be interested in contacting this gentleman for comparison purposes if the next DO is unable to do so.

Lt. Stephen K. Conver, TDGS, 72802
Duty Officer

Page 7 is noted at the top right of the document.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6 OCTOBER 1967
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 10:15
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address redacted]
CINCINNATI        OHIO, HAMILTON
City or Town      State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    15    Seconds
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? CHECK AT WATCH
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes ✓ No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you      e. Overhead
             c. To your right       f. Don't remember

FORM
PTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes PTD 154, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):     8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                      a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                     b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                      c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember            d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):            WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                 a. Dry
    b. Hazy                      b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds          c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds     d. Snow
                                 e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                     d. As a light
    b. Transparent               e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                  c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                    d. Don't know
11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred     e. Other
                 b. Like a bright star
                 c. Sharply outlined
                 d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                                (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?           Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?              Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                              Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                           Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                                Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                            Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                      Yes   No   Don't know


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
YES. IT APPEARED TO RISE AND THEN BECAME WHITE GOING OFF SHOOTS & WHAT LOOKED LIKE EXHAUST.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - NONE
b. Color - RED

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
ALL

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A small circle with an arrow pointing to the right is drawn]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes (No)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [blank]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) (Yes) No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 500

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
(a.) Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
(b.) In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) N/A
a. North c. East e. South g. West
b. Northeast d. Southeast f. Southwest h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes (No) e. Binoculars Yes (No)
b. Sun glasses Yes (No) f. Telescope Yes (No)
c. Windshield (Yes) (No) g. Theodolite Yes (No)
d. Window glass (Yes) No h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

Red Balloon


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? N/2
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document contains two diagrams: one showing a curved line with angle measurements from 0° to 90° and a compass rose, and another with a simple path marked with points A and B.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If no give date in space and location

NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
60216
MR + MRS
CINCINNATI, OHIO US 239

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS CINCINNATI, OHIO 39

TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 22 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
EMPLOYED BY CINCINNATI, DIVISION OF F.B.I.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
6 10 67
Day Month Year

LT. TIMOTHY CONNER, USAF, WPAFB


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    19    10    67
    Day     Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 9 -

Weather Data

6 Oct. Linc.
Local time        Degree       Knots

2100 L            070°         11
2200              050°         10
2300              040°         6
2400              060°         12


- page 10 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 6 October 1967

TO: [Redacted address in Cincinnati, Ohio 45239]

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Branch (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object.

If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 6 October 1967 would you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form.

The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production

1 Atch
AF Form 117


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

IDENT/UFO (Maj. Quintanilla/70916/jar/13 Oct 67)

UFO Observation of 6 Oct 1967

Cincinnati, Ohio 45239

1. Thank you for reporting your sighting of 6 Oct 1967 to the Air Force. However, additional information is needed. If you would complete the enclosed FTD Form 164, it would be helpful in our analysis.

2. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164

The observer seems unsure of the direction in which he observed object. Indicated to the duty officer at time of call that it was due west going close west. Later indicates it is in the north west going north west and turning. The wind was offset south west at about 10 knots.

Send 6177 to project.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember (Seeing the moon)

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain (not too misty)
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

(like a balloon)

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Comparable to Northern Star (very bright, comparison difficult)

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke? (4 sparks)
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

[Columns for Yes, No, Don't know are present]


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
06    OCT    1967
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 10:10-10:25
             Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern     (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Central                   b. Standard
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Cincinnati                 Ohio
Nearest Postal Address     City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
0    15    —
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain

c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy
                    c. Clear

*IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

N/A    Sgt 164


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 3500 ft

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (yes)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) N/A
a. North           c. East           e. South         g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? N/A miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? N/A
(Circle One) Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No

e. Binoculars      Yes   No
f. Telescope       Yes   No
g. Theodolite      Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

a red balloon.


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Appeared to break up or explode after having moved up + away, swing off smoke + sparks.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound   none
b. Color   red

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
yes - at a distance of 3000-4000' (all of it would have been covered)

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of a circular object with an arrow indicating movement, with notes: "none" and "accelerated in forward direction, explosion + object"]


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at this point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
West                 North
B ← A                X observer → E

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?    only one
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
U/A


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) NO
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
There was another (only one) neighbor present. Parents could identify the neighbor.
Cincinnati, Ohio

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS [redacted] Cin'ti, Ohio
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted] AGE 22 SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
Employed by the FBI in Cincinnati.
No other experience.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
06 Oct 67
to 4.S.K. Conover, DO, FTD


- page 18 -

