PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE / TIME GROUP
26 Nov 67   27/0210Z

2. LOCATION
Athens, Arkansas   (3 witnesses)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20-25 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Varied

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Astro (VENUS) ✓ NT

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was starlike, at first, it was as dim as a weak flash-light bulb and then: it got bright. Observer stated object following then to a friend's house. When they stopped observing would stop, when they moved object would move with them. Observer stated it finally stopped hovering over the trees, west of friends house and then disappeared.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names/classes:
Mrs,
Miss                                                                   Atkins, Arkansas
                                                                        72823

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME                                                                   
                                                                        
ADDRESS             St.                 Morrilton   72110   Arkansas
                    Street              City        Zone    State

TELEPHONE NUMBER                        AGE   19    SEX   male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

I have completed 12 years of public school
I graduated in May 1965
I am presently enrolled at Arkansas Tech here
Russellville, & am a sophomore. I am a Social
Studies major

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   to the UFO Division
                                                                     Dept. Air Force
                                                                     Pentagon
                                                                     Washington, DC

Day             March       1967
                Month       Year


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:     3     May     1967
                                             Day     Month     Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The object hovered. We stopped and watched it on the north end of the compass (state loc) over Interstate to just north of Atkins. It came toward us. We started back to Denois house and it pursued us. All of this time it was very bright. When we'd stop it'd stop. It followed us all the way to her house. We took Mrs. Holloway out to where we first saw it. It followed us halfway out there. On the way back to the house it started following us again. It hovered over the trees west of her house and finally disappeared.

It would get real bright and real dim when we were stopped.

Sincerely,

[The signature and name are redacted with black marker]


- page 3 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO                                                   26 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 12 Mar 67

TO: Mr. [redacted]
Arkansas Technical College
Russellville, Arkansas 72801

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems                1 Atch
                                                     FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dear Sgt.                                     12 March, 1967

I would like to report
a U.F.C. sighted by my
and my girl friend
Miss [redacted] and
her mother Mrs. [redacted]

Arkansas tonight between
7:30 and 8:15 p.m. We
sighted it over [illegible]
from 90 ft. alt seemed
to fade out and
come on bright fin.
alt seemed to follow
us. We were disturbed
& her house it
just disappeared
soft, a few
minutes.

Sincerely,
[Stamp: 164]


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Atk. Tech.
Russellville, Ark.
72801

[Postmark: RUSSELLVILLE MAR 13 1967 PM]

UFG Division
Dept. of Air Force
Pentagon Building
Washington D.C.

S 14 E 01


- page 6 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified cereal phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
26 March 1967
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 8 o'clock 10 m after
             Hour    Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other _______

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted personal address information]
Poe, Arkansas
Town                     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
    Hours    2-3 Minutes    Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
it was x first time as a weak flashlight bulb & then it just got brighter as the sun & repeated the process

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
it jst get real dim

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.
it moved behind:   Crow   Hill & Trees   IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   No   Don't Know.
in front of:                           IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound    gene
b. Color    star like

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
twice as big

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with radiating lines, labeled with words like "brightest", "getting dim", and "moved"]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1-3 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other 

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other north of Atkins

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   b. Northeast   c. East   d. Southeast   e. South   f. Southwest   g. West   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 45 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No
e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other 

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
a spotlight & a dim flashlight


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF There was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 11 -

