PROJECT 1176 RECORD

1. DATE-TIME GROUP: July 1967 00:36

2. LOCATION: Brooklyn, New York (1 witness)

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 55 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: Not Reported

8. PHOTOS: ☐Yes ☒No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ☐Yes ☒No

10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Observer sighted a silvery colored object that had white revolving lights on the edges and a red light on top. Observer was sent a Form 117, but never returned it as of this date.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light - somewhat like appearance of lightning.
e. Don't remember

After jelly defined ends bright

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
about the brilliance of a bright stroke of lightning at night

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other it was apparently not a solid
object. They were not clear sharply
outlined. They were but vague in
size and light, at distance.

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
If appeared at the Times mentioned suddenly, and then, as it had curve, would disappear suddenly.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: no sound
b. Color: - bluish-white, with blue predominant in the first sighting.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? - about 1/2 of 1st (unclear) manifestation would be covered. Cannot give for second on July 7.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch is included showing buildings and an arrow indicating direction of origin]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other at home, looking out window

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North         c. East         e. South        g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No     e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses  Yes   No     f. Telescope    Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No     g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass Yes   No     h. Other _____

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Yes: December 21 and 27, 1966, at same location (home).

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   (No)
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [Street redacted] Brooklyn (N.Y.C.), New York
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]   AGE: 13   SEX: Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
My interest in these appearances first started in December (1966) when while looking for meteors of the Gemini shower. It is unfortunate for me, though, that New York is a poor site for my observations.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Blank fields for Day, Month, Year]

Page 6 is noted in the top right corner of the document.


- page 6 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    15     July     1967

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

First of all, I would like to make a distinction. The sightings took place on July 6 and 7 and are the two mentioned, while both were accompanied by a secondary, less brilliant flash. It is the very qualities of the seen objects that merit my calling them to your attention. I am not ready, as some would, to dismiss them as lightning, because, as you will know, lightning is an electrical phenomenon, and interferes with A.M. reception, which it did not. Though I do not hesitate to say that they were definitely not solid, material objects, I would say that the shape, size, weather conditions, and its non-interference distinguish it from the usual.


- page 7 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFFC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDET/UFO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 6 July 67

13 JUL 1967

TO: [Redacted]
Brooklyn, New York

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 8 -

TDPT/UFO Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/lab/ 12 Jan 68

UFO Observation, July, 1967

Brooklyn, New York 11229

1. This replies to your letter concerning your observation of an uniden-
tified flying object.

2. While reviewing our correspondence files we found your letter in
which you reported seeing an unidentified object on 17 June 1967. Be-
cause of an error, your sighting was not investigated at that time. We
handle over 10,000 letters and investigate approximately 1,000 UFO sight-
ings a year; once in a while an error is made. We regret that this has
kept us from investigating your observation. However, if you would com-
plete the enclosed AF Form 117, we will investigate your sighting in an
attempt to determine the stimulus for your observation.

3. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force, once again,
please excuse us for not responding to your correspondence earlier.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope


- page 9 -

Miss Turnure/SAF-OIC/76526/1 Sep 67

Dear [redacted]

This replies to your letter of August 29 concerning your observation of an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Without essential information, such as detailed flight characteristics, angular velocities, weather information, or the precise date, we are unable to undertake a scientific investigation. Had you contacted the UFO investigator at your nearest Air Force installation, an on-the-spot investigation would have been possible. Your information will be added to our present data base.

We hope the enclosed Project Blue Book report will be of help to you in identifying the object you saw.

Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

BARNETT E. YOUNG
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachment:
[redacted]
Brooklyn, New York 11229

Coord Cy - SAF-OIC
Chk Cy - SAF-OIC
Activity Cy - SAS-OIG
Reader Cy - SAF-OIC
Stayback

SAF-OIC


- page 10 -

Brooklyn, New York 11229
August 29, 1967

Dept. of the Air Force
Pentagon
Washington, D.C. 20335

Gentlemen:

Following is a drawing of an object I saw in the sky about the middle of July.
It could be seen from about 8:50 P.M. until 9:45 P.M.
I could see it very well through powerful binoculars. It seemed to be about four or five miles away.
When I saw this object I was standing on the corner of [redacted] Avenue in Brooklyn.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object with annotations:]
RED
SILVERY COLOR
WHITE
Lights Spinning Slowly
DARK
Could Be Seen
When Lights Passed It.

I would appreciate your contacting me, at your earliest convenience, with regard to the above matter.

Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]


- page 11 -

PROJECT 10076 RECORD

1. DATE-TIME GROUP
(Illegible)

2. LOCATION
Brooklyn, New York

3. SOURCE
(Illegible)

10. CONCLUSION
Other (GROUND LIGHTS)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
(Illegible)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object was a point of light, stationary, with no discernible lighting. It was apparent, not a solid object. More brilliant & simply outlined. Watched the while until light, disappears. Appeared suddenly.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
(Illegible)

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
(Illegible)

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

PTD SEP 63 (3-52) (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

(Out of Ground Lights)

Very possible -
Transformers etc.

Air Technical Intelligence
Center, Wright-Patterson Air
Force Base, Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sirs:

I have written
this to make you aware of a
physical phenomenon, quite similar to
my sightings of the 11th and 17th of
December, 1966.

On the morning of July 6, 1967,
at exactly 12:18 A.M., I saw two flashes,
one much fainter than the second, which was
blush-white and followed the preceding
one by about one second. This one
widened from a narrow vortex and extended
about 30° above the northeast horizon
(indicated on diagram). Both were silent
and did not interfere with radio reception.

Brooklyn, N.Y.
1120
July 7, 1967


- page 13 -

The flashes apparently emanated from
a site extremely far away. It was a
clear night, although it had rained
the night of the day before (that is,
night of the 4th). It was cool that night,
with a slight breeze and temperature
between 55-65 degrees. If there would
be another occurrence of this phenomenon,
I would report it to you, I noted.

The morning of July 7, 1967 was
almost a perfect match of the preceding
one, excellent for viewing. At 12:04
A.M. two whitish-blue, extremely bright
strokes of light were noticed, their
point of origin apparently a large ball
(apparently, it had 3 dimensions). Again,
there was no sound and no interference
with radio reception.

I sincerely hope this information can
be of help to you, toward a full
understanding of this wonderful world.

Yours truly,

[The signature is blacked out]


- page 14 -

Text found in the image:

20d July 7 1967
1st July 6 1967

The image appears to be a hand-drawn sketch of some buildings or structures, with dates noted in the margins. The sketch is roughly drawn in black and white, showing what seem to be buildings, windows, and possibly a utility pole or antenna.


- page 15 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6 and 7   July   1967

2. Time of day: 12    13 (and 12:04)
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address redacted]   Brooklyn   New York
City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours   Minutes   Seconds
a. Certain   c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain   d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? it was momentary in duration

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY   NIGHT
a. Bright   a. Bright
b. Cloudy   b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. in front of you   d. To your left
b. in back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right   f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 64 164


- page 16 -

