Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10373 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP: 20-50 JUN 67
2. LOCATION: Manchester, Pa.
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 30 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual (BX)
7. COURSE: Varied
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: Possible (AIRCRAFT)
    - No data presented to indicate object wasn't an aircraft.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE FILE

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Text found in the document:

TOP

June 24, 1967

NORTH

A

B

BOTTOM

5TH

The document appears to be a hand-drawn diagram with vertical striped sections at the top and bottom of the page, and a sketch in the center showing some kind of geographical or spatial layout with points labeled A and B, and annotations like "Boston" and "5th".


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

East
Top

June 26, 1967

North
2nd A

B'

South

Bottom
B West

Direction?


- page 3 -

June 26/1967

3 at different times
A marks the starting
B " " enclosing
in sight at all times

no lines given


- page 4 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Top

June 27

North

A Best

2nd A
1st A

B

B to L
South

Bottom

CC


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

June 27

1st was alone

2nd & 3rd starting about
the same time.

It was very interesting
both about the same size.

It looked as if they were
go to collide but instead
the no 3 made over a half
circle around no 2.

To my knowledge weather
ballon, satellite airplanes
etc. do not do this so perfect.
~ Time 3 ~


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

June 28 Top

North

500 ft

A

B


- page 7 -

Text found in the document:

June 29 Top

#2 A North

South

Bottom

BB

The image appears to be a hand-drawn diagram or sketch with various lines, markings, and annotations. The document seems to be a page from an old report with some vertical textured or shaded bars on the left and right sides of the page.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

June 29

#1 and 2 came close to
one another about 1/2 inch then
traveled side by side across
the sky

Weather ballons, so tell to
explainer site. just couldn't
have done this so perfect.

per time 7cm


- page 9 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

This one just moved or
jerked from side to side. Then
forward


- page 10 -

Text found in the document:

Top June 30

North

South

A

B

Bottom


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Handwritten at top: "Pending reply. Base type."]

TDEV/UFO    (Maj Quintanilla)/70916/phs/5 Sep 67)                                 SEP 6 1967

UFO Observation, 23 - 30 June 1967

Base Operations (Control Tower)
Olmsted AFB, Pennsylvania 17057

1. The Aerial Phenomena Branch is currently investigating an unidentified flying object (UFO) report from Manchester, Pa. The witness described the objects as bright lights that crossed the sky in approximately thirty minutes. These objects, sometimes two at a time, crossed the sky with different headings. The most common was east. The observations occurred between 11 pm and 4 am, 23 - 30 June 1967.

2. Any information you can provide on air activity that may have been responsible for these sightings will be helpful in making our evaluation.

FOR THE COMMANDER

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
I used to watch the satellite Echo / But this
in larger and brighter - Also Echo! did not change
its path

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
My Daughter
Also two friends

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME Mrs. H. Helena E.
ADDRESS Manchester, Pennsylvania
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE 54 SEX female
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object? No one
Day Month Year


- page 13 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place an "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

some went different ways.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 14 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   24th   August   1967
    Day             Month         Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I made a few diagrams please note the same two stars, they passed, went between or through them. The square in where we observe them. The one marked June 23rd. One made that trip every night.

But June 27th, it met another one and it made a perfect half circle around it, also June 29, it met one coming from the north and went beside it both have seen constantly, until about 15° above the horizon traveling what seemed to 1/2" apart with the naked eye, never any further apart or any closer together.

In this questionnaire you have circle one.
I had to circle more, because we see so many.
All look alike and the same size.

One night in June, on the 11:00 P.M. news broadcast, WBRA York Radio Station announced observed and investigating U.S.A.'s (I do not remember how many)


- page 15 -

East of Harrisburg Penna. also south of York Penna. Harrisburg is about 17 miles North of Manchester and York is about 9 miles South


- page 16 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

23 June 67
Saratoga Spgs N.Y.

make copy
wt 6 5/7 enlargement

The document appears to be a black and white page with multiple vertical striped or textured sections, with handwritten text in the center of the page.


- page 17 -

I apologize, but the text on this page is almost entirely illegible. The image appears to be a document with multiple horizontal sections separated by textured borders, with a black square positioned in the bottom right corner of the page. However, I cannot make out any readable text from this scanned document.


- page 18 -

I apologize, but the image appears to be extremely degraded and the text is completely illegible. The document seems to be a scanned page with multiple horizontal sections and a black square overlay, but no readable text can be discerned from this image.


- page 19 -

Text found in the document:

New Offer, 12866

Majr Hecto Quintanilla Jr
Project Blue Book, Rt Docommnd
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton
Ohio

[Postmark: JUNG 19 1967]

[There is an American flag postage stamp on the envelope]


- page 20 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any legible text in this image. The document appears to be a black and white photograph with a grainy, blurry central image surrounded by horizontal bands or borders. The central image looks like a dark, irregular shape with a mottled or speckled texture. The overall quality of the scan makes it difficult to read any potential text that might be present.


- page 21 -

Most of the text on this page is illegible due to the poor quality of the scanned document. The image appears to be a document with multiple sections and a grainy, blurry photograph in the center, which looks like a dark, somewhat circular or irregular shape against a lighter background. The document seems to have multiple horizontal sections with varying textures and patterns of black and white noise or static.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Fri. 23 June 1967
that is when started

2. Time of day: late 1:45 A.M. 25
(Circle One) 12:00 A.M. or 12:00 P.M. 11:00 P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Manchester, Pennsylvania
Nearest Postal Address     City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    30
    Minutes    Seconds
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 6-24-67 that night sighting ended at 1:30 the
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes X    No     other watched it was
                                                        viewville 2:00

6. What was the condition of the sky?
    DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright also
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy    sometimes

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you    d. To your left
            b. In back of you     e. Overhead
            c. To your right      f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 23 -

I apologize, but the text on this document is largely illegible. The image appears to be a black and white document page with multiple horizontal bands of text and a large grainy/blurry photograph or image in the center-right portion of the page. The photograph looks like a dark, irregular shape against a lighter background, but the details are not clear enough to describe precisely.


- page 24 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any legible text on this document. The image appears to be a black and white scanned document with a grainy, blurry photograph in the center, surrounded by various horizontal bands or sections. The photograph seems to be a dark, irregular shape against a lighter background, but the details are not clear enough to describe precisely.


- page 25 -

I apologize, but I cannot discern any legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white document with a grainy, blurry photograph in the center, surrounded by various horizontal and vertical borders or margins. The central image looks like a dark, irregular shape against a lighter background, but the details are very unclear due to the poor image quality.


- page 26 -

The text on this page is illegible. The image appears to be a black and white document page with a central dark, grainy photographic image that looks somewhat blurry and indistinct, surrounded by various white and black bordered sections.


- page 27 -

In the bottom left corner of the document, I can partially read:

23 June 61
[Something illegible]
[Something else illegible]

The rest of the document appears to be mostly white space with black horizontal borders/lines, and a very degraded/low quality scan that makes most text illegible. I cannot confidently read any other text on this page.


- page 28 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few sometimes
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds sometimes
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Blank line]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other [Blank line]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
One went out then relight
one also was once a cloud when clouds passed
it was still there

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: of town a cloudy night it would go
behind a cloud then reappear of any airplane would

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: it passed night beneath a stars and the
stars could not be seen.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: no sound
b. Color: bright

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
As large as our largest stars

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
they were round


- page 30 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? _________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a.   Inside a building
b.   In a car
c.   Outdoors
d.   In an airplane (type)
e.   At sea
f.   Other ________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a.   In the business section of a city?
b.   In the residential section of a city?
c.   In open countryside?
d.   Near an airfield?
e.   Flying over a city?
f.   Flying over open country?
g.   Other ________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a.   North           c.   East            e.   South           g.   West
b.   Northeast      d.   Southeast       f.   Southwest       h.   Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a.   Eyeglasses     Yes   No
b.   Sun glasses    Yes   No
c.   Windshield     Yes   No
d.   Window glass   Yes   No

e.   Binoculars     Yes   No
f.   Telescope      Yes   No
g.   Theodolite     Yes   No
h.   Other ________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

I have no idea.


- page 31 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Top
examining with our South to correct all here entirely components.

June 23 1967

North

South

where we
choose them

Bottom


- page 32 -

June 23, 1967
A start
B sending at 1:45 A.M.
This one went over every
night - Co. maybe I should
say one went in their path
every night. We called it
Oh faithful it never disap-
pointed us. It was always
there. in addition to the
other.

5 45 2


- page 33 -

June 24th, 1967

2 different ones
I stayed hit at all times
the other one went out a
few seconds.

A start
B ending

1st ending at 1:30     5:30 e
2nd.         2:00     6:00 e

(making it 30 minutes for)
no 2 to cross.


- page 34 -

