PROJECT 273 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME GROUP: 05/09/67
2. LOCATION: Toledo, Ohio (Partial)
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual (TX)
7. COURSE: N/A
8. PHOTOS: [ ] Yes [X] No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: [ ] Yes [X] No

10. CONCLUSION: Astro (VENUS) Very prob. 7pm
    Venus was on an azimuth of 290 degrees at an elevation of 5 degrees at time of sighting.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: SEE CASE FILE

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

ASTRO (VENUS)
Venus on M.T. at 270 Deg.
at an El. of 5 Deg.

21 April 1967
7716 61
Toledo, Ohio

Project Blue Book
Attn: Major Hector Quintanilla
Wright Patterson AFB

Dear Sir:

I am writing you this time not in asking for information, but in reporting to you about a UFO that I saw, along with five other people, and two other people (which I did not know about at the time), in a different area. The sighters names are as follows:

Initial sighter in our group:
[Redacted names and addresses, all from Toledo, Ohio with ages listed as 14, 13, and 14 years old]

E.S.T. The object was first seen 7 April 1967, at 2110 hours

At this time we were approximately one hundred yards S.W. of Woodsdale Ave., while traveling N.E. on the Anthony Wayne Trail, Toledo, Ohio 43609 (Sears of Crowl) from car to foot).

The object was in sight for about twenty minutes. I know this because I kept running into the house to tell my mother and father about it and there was a clock right near the door.

The object was in sight continuously because two of my friends were outside watching while I was inside.

The object was seen at night. There were many stars outside but no moon. No clouds were visible and the weather was clear.


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

The object first appeared as one white light and two red ones. Ten minutes later we viewed it with a 25 or 30 power hand-telescope and the UFO was apparently solid.

The lights were much brighter than the stars, about like looking into a car headlight from a distance of 200 yards.

The edges of the object were like a star at first, then I looked at it through the telescope and they were a little fuzzy but fairly recognizable as solid edges.

Most of the time while the object was in view it was moving at varying degrees of speed. At first it had one brilliant white light and two dimmer red ones. Then, after the first couple of seconds of watching the UFO, I saw it started to take off, up and away from us. Soon after this the red lights disappeared and the white one stayed, continuing to get brighter and brighter. At no time did it give off smoke or flames of any sort. After the light dimmed down, and the object seemed to hover, the light brightened up once again for the last time.

The only time we lost the object was at the end of the sighting when it slowly descended behind some houses.

At one time the object dropped toward the end of the sighting, behind a tree branch, but came into view again almost immediately.

At no time did it go in front of anything.

The object also, at no time, made any sound that could be distinguishable at the distance it was from us. The color of the object was mostly whitish except for one time when the object had two adjacent red lights in view.

The object would have had to have been quite large in diameter judging from the distance it was away from us.

When the object was first sighted, its speed was an estimated 20 MPH. Then it speeded up to well over 100 MPH and went way away from us.

When it stopped moving away and started going down slowly, it was about two and one-half to three miles from us. That is why I said it was so big.

We first sighted the object while we were traveling N.E. on the Anthony Wayne Trail in our car. Wilson was not distorted though, because the weather was clear. We stopped the car and got out at our house and continued to watch the object.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-3-

After a while I ran into the house and picked up about a 25X to 30X power hand telescope and we viewed the object through this.

If the object were to be compared with another object towards the end of the sighting, it would most likely be compared with a weather balloon under no wind currents and slowly losing altitude. But I couldn't have seen a weather balloon because I checked on balloons in the area and there were none. To my knowledge no other aircraft or crafts could have caused this sighting nor could natural phenomena.

When we first saw the object it was at about 16 or 170 in a westerly direction. The last saw of the object was at about 10° in a general northwest direction.

The path of the object seemed strange to me because it was first going slowly in a northwesterly direction and then increased greatly in speed and went up and away from the first position. We saw it. But there was one strange thing. The white light kept getting brighter and brighter instead of dimming out.

There was only one object I could see during the entire sighting.

At the time of the sighting, two other people were with me. They both saw the object and we all agree that what we saw was nothing ordinary. My experience in sighting UFOs is next to zero, except for this one sighting. I have read a lot about UFO sightings. I have talked to people that have seen them and, I might add, I have filtered out the crackpots from the good solid cases. I have seen dozens of pictures of UFOs and I can believe that I can tell fakes from documented pictures. I have made what I think to be a fairly thorough study, mentally, on aerial phenomena. I still don't know what I saw and I wish somebody had some answers. The other two sighters are just as puzzled as I am. One was my brother and the other is Gene (as mentioned in the beginning of this letter).

My Dad was telling when it was first sighted and only glimpsed the object or light at the stop light at Woodsale and the Anthony Wayne Trail. My mother saw it part of the way to our home. Both agree that it appeared very unusual and did not appear to be a star, a plane, or a balloon, even with the short look they had.

The other two sighters, along with myself, agree on everything in this report. I might add that this report is made from notes I took on the night of the sighting. I have something detrimental to add to this report and it is as follows:


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

-4-

Three days after our sighting was made, I found out from one of my relatives that her mother-in-law had made a UFO sighting on the same night as ours. I immediately called her up to find out more about her sighting. Her description of her sighting is as follows: One of her relatives (who wishes to remain anonymous) called her on the front window and told her she could see a UFO. She looked out her front window. She did this and was attracted immediately to two stationary red lights up in the heavens (she referred to the sky as heavens). She told me the lights were a lot brighter than stars and they were closer than stars. She said it didn't move at all, it just hovered there. After she watched it for awhile, she went into the kitchen for a couple of seconds and when she came back it was gone. This all happened on the same night we saw our UFO. I also found out from this same relative that a Mr. Road, Sylvania, Ohio, had seen an object that Friday night when we saw ours that seemed to be directly tied in with the object we saw. I called him on the phone also, and he told me the whole story. He was standing in his yard when he noticed an object of enormous size coming in his direction out of the sky. It was glowing and whitish red colored. It kept coming toward him until all of a sudden it seemed to be gone. Then he noticed it wasn't gone at all, its lights were just gone. It appeared as a shadow for awhile, then its lights came back on. At this time the object was right overhead, about three hundred feet up and about the size of a football field. It hovered for awhile then took off in a southeasterly direction from where he was. It climbed at what he thought to be a true 45° angle, up and away. When it stopped climbing, he estimated the object to be hovering directly over downtown Toledo. After he got tired of watching, it hovered sitting still, and did something else. It seems very likely to me that after he quit watching the object we saw along and saw it about one mile west of downtown Toledo. From where he was and from where we were, our directions would be reversed and put his object in or near the place where we first saw ours or possibly his object. Mr. Road is a very convincing man and I believe his verbal account on what he saw. He seemed to know a great deal about modern day aircraft and about the lights they should or should not carry. I'm sorry this report was not in sooner than this, but it took me awhile to prepare and rewrite it to the best of my ability.

An answer to what we have seen would be appreciated.

Thank you.

Sincerely,
Toledo, Ohio 43614


- page 5 -

