PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
11 Mar 67    11/2030Z

2. LOCATION
Torrance, California                1

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 minute

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
NE - SE

8. PHOTOS
[X] Yes
[ ] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
CONFLICTING DATA - PHOTO
Conflicting Data - CASE
See Rpt To Observer 602J

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated that the object appeared to be a solid and looked like a light. Edges of the object were sharply outlined. The observer stated that the object had a low whining sound. Color: cherry red and bright silver.

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

VISUAL CONTACT

Commanding Officer
Project Blue Book
ATTN: Wright-Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton, Ohio

4/14/67

Dear Sir:

I have just finished the book "Air Force" so I studied it. I still have some experience
which was reported in the Daily Breeze Newspaper
on March 11, 1967. (I'm enclosed) the picture in
the paper is not too good, but you do have the
time picture that I sent to Major Denny in S.A. who
in turn sent them to you. Please able to state
pictures that we took. Please in your possession.

Please send on:

On March 10 my 3 companions (Photo-Cit and 2 friends)
Carl Fuchs, Playa del Rey & my wife were picture of
ourselves for a book we are making. (Nobody was
in the ground) because it was Saturday. We took
about 18 pictures of ourselves, when suddenly picked said
"Look, a flying saucer." He was pointing to the
really didn't know what it was. Later by the time
I saw it, it was a flying object. It was a flying
saucer. We looked toward it at the time. It was
rotating a piece of it as it was going from north
to south. At first we rejected it, but was not
knowing, but said we are not spirited, we believe
know that if what we were saying, beginning
I seemed to stop, look and said I would try, we
we would, first pick took the first pictures of
it. Then it started to doing - ding along at - now

Torrance, Calif.
90503

[Handwritten notes in top right corner and margin are partially illegible]


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-tto of speed(we cut tell exactly) and when it was
further out. Ryle suggested another picture
let into one that appears in the circle of
people with. Well it disappeared - now we
were just watching it. it went into a
cloud. Then we went home just nobody would
believe us! (we could have had instance proof
of same but, of course, his was held a preserve
darkness). So we attempted to my friend who
developed the picture for me and then the
of course, we saw the same thing we
were in the sky. and believe me I'd
want a frisker (etc.) a thing could had
no got-up. apply. (some point) of
"tonight particle" traveled in the back
I noticed it was stated on the
experimental work for the A.F. or flying
saucer from notes of space. So have to
work large of your found out just the time
you took the afternoon (our house was
also turning glowing along) and that we
so would you please me a copy of you
"Blue Book" please send me a copy of you
on this person's story with. should the
time same were from 71 people from
Egg Xg. Please send me those family
thanks so much. now and when,

Note: There is a black redaction at the bottom of the page.


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
11 MARCH 1967
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 12:30 NOON
Hour   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where when you saw the object?
Torrance, California 90503
Nearest Postal Address   City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
1
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? We estimated
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 64 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapour

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
150 watt bulb.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Flicker or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 200 M.P.H.

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Maybe 1/2 mile.

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ____________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
b. Northeast
c. East
d. Southeast

e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other Camera

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Ashtray finishes, solid at one top, stone, looks almost like the object we saw, except for the stripes in the middle. Only this tonight was red - rather glowing.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No!

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: However, it did finally disappear with a cloud when we
last saw it.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: It moved in front of the clouds at the time.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: Low whining hum
b. Color: Shiny red & bright silver.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how
much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the
sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
about 1/3 of the object.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details
of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch shows a compass rose (N-S-E-W) and an oval/disc-shaped object labeled "RED" and "SILVER" with an arrow indicating movement direction]


- page 7 -

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? _________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

NO.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
my brother, Torrance, Calif. 90503
Two brothers, Torrance, Calif. 90503

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME
ADDRESS     Torrance     Calif 90503
TELEPHONE NUMBER     AGE 15½   SEX male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?   we reported it to the
    11   5   1967     air force in L.A. + to
    Day   Month   Year   the Daily Breeze in Torrance


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    23    5    1967
                                             Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Here is no doubt about it, that what we saw was either an experimental vehicle, a saucer vehicle, or an outer space ship. We took 2 pictures of the object. These are original negatives well enclosed. (item totally) We cannot be told the object was a plane, a helicopter, weather balloon, meteor or anything else, mainly because of the 2 glowing colors, red & yellow, the color when alternately red, the center only that acted portion of the ship was red, the ship in the middle was silver. The shape would stop red and the sides 2 portions would turn silver & tell this about 5-4 degrees. Here is the information you wanted.

A. TYPE & MAKE OF CAMERA: BROWNIE -HAWKEYE -KODAK
B. TYPE, FOCAL LENGTH, FRAME OF LENS: KODAK, UNIVERSAL FOCUS, UNIVERSAL
C. BRAND & TYPE OF FILM: KODAK, VERICHROME PAN
D. LENS: OPEN USED: THAT IS "F" STOP: "f"8
E. SHUTTER SPEED USED: YES
F. FILTERS USED: NONE
G. WAS TRIPOD OR SOLID STAND USED: NO
H. WAS "PANNING" USED: NO
I. COULD YOU DESCRIBE CAMERA POINTING WITH RELATION TO SITE: JUST NORTH AND ITS ANGLE
    WOULD POINT TO SITE

We would like you to be more specific. Thank you.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

1. IDENTIFICATION OF OBSERVER:
a. Name [redacted]
b. Address [redacted] TORRANCE
c. Phone [redacted] APT. 15 Occupation STUDENT
d. For Military Only: Grade____ Duty______ Organ.

2. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECTS:
a. Shape OVAL
b. Size 15 FT
c. Color WHITE GLOW
d. Number 1 Formation, if more than one NONE
e. Discernible Features or details NONE
f. Trail or exhaust and size NONE
g. Sound LOW WHINING
h. Other pertinent or unusual features NO

3. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT(S):
a. What called your attention to the object? JUST HAPPEN TO SEE IT
b. Elevation & heading when first seen 1/2 MILE NORTH TO SOUTH
c. Elevation & heading upon disappearance N. TO S.
d. Maneuvers, if any NONE
e. How did they disappear? (instantaneously, to the North, etc.)
WENT INTO A CLOUD
f. How long were they visible? 30 SEC TO 1 MIN

4. MEANS OF OBSERVATION:
a. Statement as to optical aids, telescope etc. NONE


- page 11 -

11 March 67
Torrance, Calif.
11/20302

TDEV/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70916/mhs/30 Sep 67)
UFO Observation & Photographs March 11, 1967

Mr. [redacted]
Torrance, California 90503

1. Reference your unidentified observation of March 11, 1967. Our letters of May 19 and July 14, 1967 requested your original negatives, however, in July you apparently forwarded us copies of the original negatives.

2. In your correspondence on your March 11 sighting you stated that the unidentified object was photographed with a Brown Hawkeye and Verichrome Panchromatic film. This camera uses size 127 film.

3. Photo Analysis revealed the following discrepancies regarding your negatives:

a. Verichrome Panchromatic film is a black and white film and one of the transparencies is color.

b. The color transparency received was cut from a larger piece of film and probably was not cut from a 127 film size roll. This was ascertained from microscopic examination of the transparency edges. Only one side was cut by a precision tool. Had this transparency been cut from a 127 film roll; two sides should have revealed precision cutting.

c. The format size of the two transparencies received do not agree with ABA standards for 127 film size as used in the Brown Hawkeye camera.

d. The black and white transparency is probably an enlargement. This was determined by examination of "grain size" in the background of the photograph.

4. Because of the above discrepancies we are currently filing your case as "Conflicting Data."

OCT 6 1967

[Handwritten notes at bottom left and bottom right of document]


- page 12 -

Sorry, I have been
advised by both my
friends- David Christ of
N.I.C.A.P. and
Eluia Presley- not to
send over the negatives,
lest something happen
to them after printing. Let me
convince both of them
to tell me to send over
the negatives, then
have both contact me
and I will mail
them to you. I thank you


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

5. SIGHTING INFORMATION:
a. Estimated time-date group of sighting: ABOUT 3:100Z
b. Light conditions, Nite, Day, Dawn or Dusk: DAY
c. Location of observer(s): INSIDE SCHOOL
d. Weather conditions: CLOUDY

6. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE:
a. Photographic (Still or Motion pictures): STILL
b. Type & make of camera: KODIAK
c. Type, focal length, and make of lens: UNIVERSAL FOCAL
d. Brand & type of film: MERRIN CHROME / 127
e. Shutter speed used: 1/60
f. Lens opening used ("f" stop): F 8
g. Filters used: NO
h. Was tripod or solid stand used: NO
i. Was "panning" used: NO
j. Direction camera was pointing with relation to true North and its angle with respect to the ground: UNIC

k. Would you be willing to let the AF have the pictures and/or negatives?: YES

7. DUTY CONTROLLER INFORMATION:
a. Controllers name and grade: JAMES L. HILT S/S
b. Date-time of this report: 12/0100Z


- page 14 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 6592ND SUPPORT GROUP (APSC)
AF UNIT POST OFFICE, LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA 90045

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: SSQO/Maj Drury/3l747                                   6 April 1967

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Objects

TO: Foreign Technology Division (USDTR)
    Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

The enclosed report, pictures and newspaper clipping are forwarded
for your information and action.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature of] JOHN P. YOUNGER, Lt Col, USAF
             Chief, Operations Division

3 Encl
1. Report (UFO)
2. Pictures
3. Newspaper Clipping


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

2 Brothers Photograph UFO

By DON LEECHMAN
Four Torrance boys went out to play Saturday afternoon, but ended in the Twilight Zone.

The lads were convinced they saw a flying saucer - but no one would believe them.

The entire affair seemed "real weird" to them, because they knew they saw something but couldn't convince anyone else.

"It was another world - real strange" - like something you see on television.

But the youngsters may now have the last laugh. It turned out they had proof of some kind of unidentified flying object in their little box camera.

"We know we saw something, and now we have the proof to show our parents," Rick Gerely, 13, of 5087 Deelane St., said.

Rick photographed the object about 1 p.m. near Carl Steele School, 1800 Inglewood Ave. He was with his brother Dan, 15, and two friends Bob, 15, and Al Howard, 15, both of 5948 Deelane St.

"We ran back through the neighborhood to tell everyone, but no one would listen," Bob said.

"We went to my house and then to Bob's parents, but they just said, 'Don't bug me,'" Rick said. "But we went to another friend's house."

"But my Dad still wouldn't believe me," Rick said.

The two younger boys are students at St. James School in Redondo Beach, and the others - who attend Bishop Montgomery High School in Torrance.

The lads said they were on the school grounds taking pictures when all spotted something in the sky.

"I looked up there and jokingly said it was a flying saucer," Rick said. "But then I looked again and said 'It is a flying saucer.'"

"It was traveling north to south in a straight line and I got a picture of it right before it went into a cloud."

"Yeah," Bob agreed, "It was silver and glowed. The thing was oval-shaped and made kind of a low whining noise before it disappeared."

"Then we ran to tell everyone."

Rick said that after the film was developed and he called the Air Force and then the Daily Breeze.

"The Air Force just told us to hold on to our pictures, and they would send someone out to look at them Monday," Rick said.

"But I don't think they even took us seriously. Do you believe that it's a flying saucer?" Torrance Police said no calls were received Saturday of UFOs in the area.

Hockey Puck or Flying Saucer?
Four Torrance youngsters spotted this object in the sky over Torrance Saturday afternoon. Rick Gerely, 15, of 5087 Deelane St., snapped the photo. However, the boys had trouble convincing anyone of their discovery.

Then the boys came to the Daily Breeze to reveal their exploits. After they treasured the above print of their efforts, they called home again.


- page 16 -

Here is the text from the document:

2 Brothers Photograph UFO
By DON LECHMAN
Daily Breeze Staff Writer

Four Torrance boys went out to play Saturday afternoon, but ended in the Twilight Zone.

The lads were convinced they saw a flying saucer - but no one would believe them.

The entire affair seemed "real weird" to them, because they saw something but couldn't convince anyone else.

"It was another world - real strange..." like something you see on television.

But the youngsters may have the last laugh. It turned out they had proof of some kind of unidentified flying object in their little box camera.

"We know we saw something, and now we have the proof to show our parents," Rick Gerety, 16, of 5687 Delane St., said.

Rick photographed the object about 1 p.m. near Carl Steeb School, 1800 Inglewood Ave. He was with his brother Dan, 14, and two friends Bob, 15, and Al Howard, 15, both of 5649 Delane St.

"We ran back through the neighborhood to tell everyone, but no one would listen," Bob said.

"We went to my house and then to Bob's parents, but they just said, 'Don't bug me,'" Rick said.

"But then we went over to another friend's house (Michael Ruggerio, 15, of 316 W. 220th St., Torrance) and he developed the negative for us and we could see the object."

"But my Dad still wouldn't believe me," Rick said.

The two younger boys are students at St. James School in Redondo Beach, and the others, two attend Bishop Montgomery High School in Torrance.

The lads said they were on the school grounds taking pictures when Al spotted something in the sky.

"I looked up there and jokingly said it was a flying saucer," Rick said. "But then I looked again and said 'It is a flying saucer.'"

"It was traveling north in a straight line and I got a picture of it right before it went into a cloud."

"Yeah," Bob agreed excitedly. "It was silver, and glowed. The thing was oval-shaped and made kind of a low whirring noise before it disappeared."

"Then we ran to tell everyone," Rick said that after the film was developed he called the Air Force and then the Daily Breeze.

"The Air Force just told us to hold on to our pictures, and they would send someone out to look at them Monday," Rick said.

"But I don't think they even took us seriously. Do you believe that it's a flying saucer?" Torrance Police said no calls were received Saturday about UFOs in the area.

Headline: Hockey Puck or Flying Saucer?
Caption: Four Torrance youngsters spotted this object in the sky over Torrance Saturday afternoon. Rick Gerety, 18, of 5687 Delane St., snapped the photo. However, the boys had trouble convincing anyone of their discovery.


- page 17 -

Torrance, Calif. 90503

Commanding Officer
Project Blue Book
ATIC, Wright-Patterson A.F.B.
Dayton, Ohio

(The image shows an envelope with a postmark dated APR 18 1967 and a postage stamp)


- page 18 -

Major Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
P.B.B.
S.A.F.O.I.
Washington, D.C.
20330

There is also a postmark stamp in the top right corner of the document, but the text is not fully legible.


- page 19 -

this case includes
seven (7) 8x10 B&W Photos
two (2) 3x4 B&W Negatives
two (2) 1x2 B&W Negatives


- page 20 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The rest of the page appears to be a low-quality, grainy black and white photograph or image with significant noise and distortion, making most details illegible.


- page 21 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

(The rest of the page appears to be a blurry black and white photographic image with no legible text)


- page 22 -

5. It is extremely doubtful that these are the original negatives. However, if you forward us the original negatives and complete the attached photograph data sheet we will be glad to review the case.

6. Enclosed are the two negatives that you sent us and also a black and white enlargement of each.

JAMES C. MARATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

2 Atchs
1. Two negatives
2. Photo Data Sheet

2 (page number at bottom of document)


- page 23 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a blurry black and white photograph with a dark, somewhat elongated object or shape against a lighter background. The image quality is very poor and grainy.


- page 24 -

The image appears to be a low-quality, grainy black and white photograph with a dark, somewhat oval-shaped object in the center against a mottled, blurry background. The photograph is framed within a border and seems to be part of an official document. However, there is no legible text visible in this image.

At the bottom of the page, there is a partially visible text that reads "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVIS", with the rest of the text cut off.


- page 25 -

Text found on the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The document appears to contain a blurry, low-contrast black and white image with a dark irregular shape or object against a lighter background, but the details are not clearly discernible.


- page 26 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The document contains a black and white photograph of what appears to be a dark, oval or disc-shaped object against a light background. The image is somewhat blurry and low contrast.


- page 27 -

Text found in the document:

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC

UNCLASSIFIED

UNCLASSIFIED

The image appears to be a grainy black and white photograph with a dark elongated object in the center, surrounded by blurry, mottled textures and shading.


- page 28 -

The image appears to be a mostly blank white page with a dark, elongated object or mark near the center of the page. The image looks like a scanned document with some faint markings around the edges and arrows pointing left and right. However, no legible text is visible on this page.


- page 29 -

Picture taken on

Saturday, March 11, 1967

of U.F.O.

It is milky-white glow.

Spotted by-

Photographed-

Reviewed by - DUGANC -


- page 30 -

FTD WORK ORDER

1. Description of Work: (Include title of unscheduled tasks.)
Request photo analysis be accomplished on the two attached slides to verify that the unidentified objects by 8.

11 March 1967 sighting, Torrance, California.

Please all material be returned upon completion of analysis.

Handwritten note (partially legible):
"slmd. 720
A "recent change" type 8
investigation of boy, record of
necessary & clear this case of 720"

At bottom of document:
Copy No. 3 to Block 2

Handwritten notes at bottom right:
57-109
7 Aug 67


- page 31 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT                                  NR    67-65
                                                                 DATE OF REPORT  30 August 1967

SUBJECT    UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT
LOCATION   TORRANCE, CALIFORNIA                 DATE    11 March 1967

AF                                              IR                              QUALITY

PRINTS    Two transparencies

1. PURPOSE:  This report answers a request (Work Order Number 67-109) submitted by Major H. Quintanilla (TDEV/TR) for an analysis of an unidentified object seen on two photo transparencies. The transparencies were sent in by Robert E. Howard, 5049 Decker Street, Torrance, California.

2. ANALYSIS:  The two transparencies submitted were accompanied by a hand written note stating that he was not sure if they were, in fact, the original negatives. Earlier correspondence with Robert Howard which includes completed AFD questionnaire states that the unidentified object was photographed with a Brownie Hawkeye camera and Vericolor Panchromatic Film was used. This camera uses size 127 film.

3. A photo processing expert's examination of the two transparencies reveals that the objects seen are two photo images. It is doubtful, however, that the photographic negatives are the original camera exposures for the following reasons:

a. Vericolor Panchromatic Film is a black and white film and one of the transparencies is color.

b. The color transparency received was cut from a larger piece of film and probably was not cut from a 127 film size roll. This was ascertained from microscopic examination of the transparency edges. Only one side was cut by a precision tool. This transparency been cut from two double exposed sections.

c. The format size of the two transparencies does not agree with the Kodak Brownie camera.

d. The black and white transparency received is probably an enlargement. This was determined by examination of "grain size" in the background of the photograph.


- page 32 -

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NO. 67-65, DATED 30 August 1967

1. Further photo analysis is not possible because it cannot be positively established that the transparencies are the original negatives and no photo scale factor can be determined for the transparencies received.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                      APPROVED BY:

THOMAS J. HEBERT                        WILLIAM L. TURNER
Intelligence Research Specialist         Major, USAF
                                         Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

                                         WILBER PRICE, JR.
                                         Chief, Photo Exploitation Division


- page 33 -

Assignments
Robert Howard
2949 Decker st
Torrance, Calif.
90505

Class                   Date

Major Quintanilla, Jr.
P.B.B.
S.A. FOE
Washington, D.C. 20330

Dear Sir:

Class                   Date

Afterward - Patterson, you
have my permission for release
it took. I would be place
a check or have you give
@ what to expect long perhaps or
@ may I have a copy of "Blue
Book" and any addition info on-

Class                   Date

I took you


- page 34 -

SEND TO
PHOTO ANALYSIS

TDEN/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/13 Jul 67/mbs)                    14 July 1967

UFO Sighting and Photographs

Mr. [redacted]
Torrance, California 90503

1. In order for our photo experts to undertake a comprehensive analysis they need to review the original negatives. This is a part of any detailed photo exploitation.

2. If you should ever decide to comply with our request, I want to assure you that your negatives will be returned.

HERBERT S. HOLDSAMBECK, Colonel, USAF
Acting Director of Technology and Subsystems


- page 35 -

PENDING

10 MAR 67
TORRANCE, CALIF.

TEST/UFO(Maj Quintanilla)/70916/mbs)                    19 May 1967
UFO Sighting and Photograph

Torrance, California 90503

1. Reference your recent unidentified observation and subsequent photograph. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a detailed investigation. Request you complete the enclosed PID Form 164 and resubmit the information for analysis.

2. Air Force photographic experts would appreciate the opportunity to review the original negatives. If you will return the questionnaire along with the original negative, a detailed investigation will follow. Upon completion of analysis we will return your negative along with our findings.

3. Please include the following information with your negative:
   a. Type and make of camera.
   b. Type, focal length, and make of lens.
   c. Brand and type of film.
   d. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop.
   e. Shutter speed used.
   f. Filters used.
   g. Was tripod or solid stand used.
   h. Was "panning" used.
   i. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the ground.

4. If supplemental information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutter speed readings of the camera.

JAMES C. MARATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
PID Form 164 w/envelope


- page 36 -

