PROJECT BLUE BOOK RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
1-23-67 2100

2. LOCATION
Anchorage, Kentucky

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
South-North

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Mrs.
ANCHORAGE, KENTUCKY 40223

April 18, 1967

Dear Major Quintanilla, Jr.:

Thank you for your letter of April 14 re my reported UFO Observation, as well as the official Air Force Information Form.

Since the date that I called your Headquarters in Dayton, I have seen and experienced enough phenomena to fill 10 or dozen of these forms, and because I am a "widow" with teen-age children who must do mountains of home work each evening, I have been free to observe and travel away from the Louisville-Anchorage area nearly every evening to test the things that have been happening.

I really am sorry I ever called your office for I feel that some Air activity (by either the Air Force or local Air Guard) has increased in this vicinity and will eventually spoil and/or frighten away whatever UFO's are around.

Unfortunately, I related one or two of my experiences to a friend here who immediately informed others that I've lost my "marbles". Happily, the Director of the University of Louisville Planetarium has observed some of the same phenomena as I and is open-minded enough to agree to try a dual observation which to date I have never been able to achieve.

I hope you won't feel that I am disloyal to the U.S. Air Force, but frankly, my amateurish scientific curiosity has been terribly aroused by what has happened and I have tried to carefully annotate each and every super (supra) natural occurrence. Of one thing I am sure... whatever, whoever, from wheresoever these things come, they are not Russians or hostile Earthlings....for to be brutally frank, I am almost 50 years old, a chain smoker, physically deteriorating and a most unlikely specimen of the Homo Sapiens Genus. Therefore, one can, at least, reason that these "things" don't have a great deal of knowledge about typical human beings.

The only observation I would wish to reveal to you at this time is that what I have observed and experienced are not "Flying Saucers" capable of carrying humanoids...even midgets would have to be terribly tiny to be contained in a form the size of a beach ball (at close range). The only request I have to make of you is that you keep the fly-fly boys away from here for the time being, so that if a contact of any sort is possible, it can be pursued in quiet and without harassment. I have been so close so often to some form of UFO that I am sure if they intended harm they could have inflicted it weeks ago. Thank you for your cooperation. Please know I have careful notes about it all which I will give you.

Sincerely,

[Signature redacted]


- page 2 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDEY/UFO                                                   14 April 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 23 Mar 67

TO:                                                                 Anchorage, Kentucky 40001

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems                               1 Atch
                                                                   FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
23   MAR   67
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:
23   20
Hour   Minutes

(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
               b. Central
               c. Mountain
               d. Pacific
               e. Other __________

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
               b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
               ANCHORAGE   KY.
Nearest Postal Address         City or Town         State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                30
Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined?   7
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes X   No ____

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                           NIGHT
a. Bright                     a. Bright
b. Cloudy                     b. Cloudy   hazy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
              b. In back of you    e. Overhead
              c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

Send 164


- page 4 -

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):    8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                     a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                    b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                     c. No moonlight - pitch dark
    d. Don't remember            d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):        WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                a. Dry
    b. Hazy                     b. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds          c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds     d. Snow
                                e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
    a. Solid                    d. As a light
    b. Transparent              e. Don't remember
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                 c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                   d. Don't know
    11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    [Blank line]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
    a. Fuzzy or blurred         e. Other ?
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                                 (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?            Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?  Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?               Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                               Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                            Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                                 Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                             Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                       Yes   No   Don't know


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   NO   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: ______

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ______

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound     NO
b. Color     Shaded (greenish blue)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and not how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
didn't understand   ?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
?


- page 6 -

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [Handwritten note: "Faster than jet, any jet"]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North   c. East   e. South   g. West
b. Northeast   d. Southeast   f. Southwest   h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No

e. Binoculars   Yes   No
f. Telescope   Yes   No
g. Theodolite   Yes   No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
[No text in this section]


- page 7 -

27. In the following sketches, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ___________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

only one


- page 8 -

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Daylight -sighting did not see out
Mar 5, 67

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS ANCHORAGE, CITY KY, ZONE 40001
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]   AGE 49   SEX FEMALE 40001

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
WIDELY READ ABOUT UFOS.
KNOWS A LITTLE ASTRONOMY.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
24   MAR   67
Day   Month   Year
KTY 70


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Completed by Eto Do.

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 10 -

