PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
29 Jan 67  30/0400Z

2. LOCATION
Knox City, Missouri
2 witnesses

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Astro(Conf)
At the time of the sighting the moon was at an elevation of 10 deg and on an azimuth of 97 deg.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observers watched an unusually reddish colored object slowly rise in the eastern sky. At first the witnesses thought the object was the moon, but decided that it wasn't. The object appeared a bit flat on the top and bottom. As the object slowly rose it began to change from a reddish color to more of a yellow-orange color. The witnesses reported that they could see a ring of brighter type engines that turned with reddish glow. As the object rose slightly to the right. The object looked like it was made of fiber-glass.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Slightly upward

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

On this particular night the moon rose at approximately 2117CST. At 2200CST the moon would have been in the approximate location of the alleged UFO. It appears that the witnesses observed the moon that was rising in the eastern sky.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)  Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Knox City, Missouri     29 Jan 67

UFOB SIGHTING:

This is a report of a UFO sighting made 10 P.M. Sunday, Jan. 22.

Jane, my 13 year old son was in the backyard looking to lock. At both 22 it appears as a clear night with the noise to be an unusually reported call com. It was a beautiful night sky I noticed it for a while, although we noticed it was not the moon, or even a white object. As continued to look, the noise of the object? was where and seemed to fly over the yard so could see other more clear. It was like the object - was a glare appearance and I am not sure.

It had a wide around the middle as 12 to 15 feet or somewhat. It may have had a red and green lights while reported to the police, but I am not sure. I was outside with other things and saw a little strange as we saw this.

I noticed the sky was dark blue the place was not a cloud. I was looking west and I am not sure.

[Note: There is an elliptical shape circled near the bottom of the document]


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

When the children were in school, I learned that year other families in the area had also seen the object. I should have one of these radio report this sighting, but there has been nothing in the news - indicating that they were. I felt that your department should have as much information as possible on any UFO, so I have written this account of my sighting. My 16 year old son being an amateur artist, has given me a drawing to send.

The coloring is close to that we saw. He drew it as close as possible to the scene. I have only to help this out by writing this simple description.

[Note: The last line and signature area are partially obscured or blacked out]


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO Knox County
JAN. 29, 1967

The image shows a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or flying saucer, rendered in black and white with shading and curved lines around the object to suggest motion or energy.


- page 4 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white sketch or illustration of what seems to be a UFO or flying saucer-like object, drawn with a dotted or stippled technique, centered on a white background.


- page 5 -

