There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 24 Jun 67 - 25/0515
2. LOCATION: Van Nuya, California
3. WITNESS: CIVILIAN
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5-10 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual
7. COURSE: Not reported
8. PHOTOS: Yes
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No
10. CONCLUSION: SEE CASE FILE

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the UFO report document. The image shows a typed letter from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO observation.

TDET/UFO
SUBJECT: UFO Observation 24 JUNE 67

TO: Miss Woodland Hills, California

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a complete evaluation. Return the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems
PTD FORM 16 w/envelope

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document that contains a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your express permission. If it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?    24 June 1967
2. Time of day:    9:15        Hour    Minutes
(Circle One):    A.M.    or   (P.M.)
3. Time Zone: 
(Circle One):  a. Eastern   b. Central   c. Mountain   (d) Pacific   e. Other
(Circle One):    a. Daylight Saving   b. Standard
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address    CALIFORNIA
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    5:10      Hours    Minutes    Seconds
a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined?    Yes
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    No        DISTANT OBJECT 
6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY:    a. Bright   b. Cloudy   NIGHT:    a. Bright   b. Cloudy
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One):    a. In front of you   b. Behind you   c. To your left   d. To your right   e. Overhead   f. Don't remember

FORM FTD OCT 62 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.

- page 3 -

Based on the image, there does not appear to be any photograph present. This seems to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report containing a questionnaire filled out by an observer regarding their sighting of an unidentified object.

Transcribed text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
_Radiatey_

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined 
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off smoke or flame? Yes No Don't know
e. Change in brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Transcribing the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Slowly disappeared

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
small reminder disappeared

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   Don't Know.  IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
went perfectly for a minute

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: light
b. Color: yellow, bright

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 
It was quite a light, further than a plane that passed.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially suggest trails or vapor trails. 
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Appears white
Vaporous white case
Appearing & reappearing

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report, containing a form or questionnaire with various questions about an observed unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
    (Circle One) Yes No Fast Slow
    If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
    (Circle One) Yes No
    If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
    (Circle One): a. Inside a building b. In a car c. Outdoors d. In an airplane (type) e. At sea f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city? b. In the residential section of a city? c. In open countryside? d. Near an airfield? e. Flying over a city? f. Flying over open country?

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
    24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
    24.2 How fast were you moving? ___ miles per hour.
    24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One): Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following: a. Eyeglasses Yes No b. Sun glasses Yes No c. Windshield Yes No d. Window glass Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No f. Telescope Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document, and there is a compass image and instructions for sketching the observed object's motion and path.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place a "C" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

One object at first, then disappeared (or disappeared and then reappeared). Try again. When disappeared, can't say which way it went.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) YES NO
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) YES NO
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
FRIEND, BURBANK

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [REDACTED] 
ADDRESS: WOODLAND HILLS, CA
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 29 SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
25 JUL 1967 SURE

- page 8 -

The image appears to be a page from an old document that contains text, but no visible photograph. The text discusses a sighting of something that was observed in the sky, described as looking like "Headlights reflecting off a cloud". The observer mentions that it appeared to be "sinking below a mountain before tonight's event occurred" and that it disappeared with the same general area that some "people who came in later also saw this before sunrise".

Transcribed text:
34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

Days : most looked like headlights reflecting off a cloud. Think down near mountains before tonight's event seemed to disappear with same general area that some people who came in later also saw this before sunrise.

- page 9 -

