PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
19 Mar 67 20/0120Z

2. LOCATION
Louisville, Kentucky
(Multiple)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
BALLOON(Not Air) Prob. Fst

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
1 minute

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
North

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer stated that the object had an unusual light. It was a single light that was brilliant varying from reddish on the outer edge through orange to a yellowish white in the center. Object traveled in a straight path. Observer stated that the object was discarding some flaming material. Obs-erver stated that the object had no navigational lights.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

(Hot Air, Balloon)

Louisville, Kentucky 40216
March 20, 1967

Operation Blue Book
PTED Wright-Patterson AFB
Dayton, Ohio

Attn.: Maj. H. Quintanilla (TDEW)

Major Quintanilla:

I wish to relate an experience my family and I had at approximately 7:20 P.M., March 19, 1967.

We were travelling south on Rd. returning home from church. It was already dark and a complete cloud cover had moved over our area. Near the city limits of Louisville, my wife unusually mentioned the fact that the evening star was unusually bright. I reminded her of the cloud cover ahead and suggested it to be an aircraft which I could also see ahead of us to the south through the windshield.

The light, though unusual in color, was approaching us head-on very much in the manner of an aircraft. When first sighted, it was approximately thirty degrees above the horizon appearing to be a single brilliant light varying from reddish on one outer edge through orange to a yellowish white in the center. Although the Standford, Tower about six miles to the east of us later advised that the cloud cover at the time of sighting was approximately 5,000 feet altitude, visibility was exceptionally good.

The light travelled generally toward us on a straight course for about one minute and passed out of my view above the windshield and slightly to our left. We were at this time about one-quarter mile farther south on Cave Run Rd. from the initial sighting point.

My eleven year-old son suddenly remarked that something was falling from it. He was viewing it out one of the left side windows at the time. I advised him that he probably was seeing reflections or distortions caused by the window glass. On his insistence, I rolled down my left side glass and discovered a considerable amount of flaming material dropping from the light. There was such a large amount of this flaming material dropping, that it appeared to me that an explosion or disintegration was imminent.


- page 2 -

I immediately parked in a safe area off the right side of the road, and my wife, I, our son and sixteen year old daughter got out so we could see better. A few seconds after alighting from our station wagon, the flaming material ceased dropping, the brilliant light disappeared but we could still see the completely darkened object travelling on the same course at what appeared to be the same speed as the light had been travelling.

A few seconds after the light and flaming material ceased dropping, the object appeared to change direction and headed to the northwest approximately forty-five degrees to the left of its original course.

We got back into the station wagon hurriedly and drove across the road to a phone booth. I called the Louisville Police Department and reported what I thought to be an aircraft on fire and the possibility of a crash.

The darkened object passed out of view soon after changing course, and did not appear to change altitude or speed.

There was quite a bit of traffic on Cane Run Rd. at the time of the sighting and several drive-in restaurants in the area, however, we could see no one else who seemed to notice this incident.

The flaming material which fell from it burned with a yellowish-white flame. I could not determine whether the flaming material was consumed by fire or the flames went out and the material dropped onto the ground. Judging from the position of the object the material, if striking the ground, would have landed two or three miles to the east of us.

Following the disappearance of the light and flames, the darkened object had no navigation lights and there was no exhaust flame which is usually present with the nighttime operation of a conventional piston engine.

We could detect no propulsion noise of any type although background noise could have drowned it out and had its altitude been sufficiently high. We commonly hear both piston engine and jet noise in this area with little difficulty.

On arriving home about five minutes following the call to the police department, I decided to call the Standiford Field tower to report the incident to them. They knew nothing of it and had not been notified of any aircraft in distress or any similar sightings, but promised to check.


- page 3 -

I went to work on the mid-night shift at a local oil refinery, and since I had heard of no developments on the local newscasts, I decided to call Standford towers to find if they had any resulting information. I was informed by a controller on duty that they were unable to determine a thing concerning this incident and was advised that it was highly unlikely that this was an aircraft. He also advised me that a fire of this magnitude would most certainly render a conventional plane unable to continue flight.

Upon receiving this information, I decided that this incident might be of interest to your department. I am including a sketch of the sighting to provide you with time, distance and direction information to the best of my and my family's estimation.

I have spent three years with the air force, and I feel that my account is fairly accurate technically-wise.

We would welcome any request for additional information or interviews concerning this incident.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 4 -

Louisville, KY 40216
March 19, 1967

[The image is a hand-drawn map showing the Ohio River, Kentucky, Indiana, Louisville, Shively, and Standiford Field. The map includes various annotations about positions, sightings, and estimated altitude of what appears to be an unidentified craft.

Key text on the map includes:
- "Our Position (Initial Sighting)"
- "Our Position Parked"
- "Flame Dropping Here"
- "Brilliant Light Position Initial Sighting"
- "Estimated Altitude: Conventional Craft 3000-9000 Ft."
- "Estimated Speed 100-150 MPH"

The map shows multiple locations and movement paths with annotations about time and distance.]


- page 5 -

