PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
23 Aug 67     24/0500Z

2. LOCATION
Price, Utah                1

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Rising

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
Probable (BALLOON)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer was driving along, when he observed on the side of the road on the ground what appeared to be a large, tear shaped balloon, brilliantly lighted throughout its interior top. To his amazement, observer stated object look off from the ground. He immediately called for the occupants of his car who were asleep. When object reached a height the lights dimmed as if regulated, and then at an angle it took off.

FC024
FTD SEP 69 0-229 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Wright Patterson Field
Dayton, Ohio

Attention: U.T.O Department

Gentlemen:

This summer my wife and I, along with my niece, aunt, and brother-in-law took a vacation trip by motor car to Yosemite and other points of interest between.

We did very little night driving on the trip, but on the way home were a little behind schedule and did drive by night from Provo, Utah to Grand Junction, Colorado.

At midnight on August 23, I was driving East on Federal Route 50. All the other occupants of the car were sleeping.

On the North side of the road I saw on the ground what appeared to be a large, low spherical object brilliantly lighted throughout its interior. To my amazement it looked from the ground.

I immediately called for the other occupants of my car to awake. Then the object reached a height above what was looking up at an angle of possibly 30°, the lights dimmed down as though regulated by a rheostat, and then at an amazing speed the object appeared to take off and we watched it as it climbed into the sky until it got smaller than the stars and finally disappeared.

Shortly afterwards we saw what appeared to be a falling star which burned out before reaching the ground.

We understand that sometimes rockets are launched from balloons, but we wondered why a site so close to the highway was chosen, also, while our attention was pinned on the object itself, I do not recall any lights on the ground after the object got off from the ground.

Can you give us any information which might help clear up this mystery?

Sincerely,

[Signature location is blacked out]


- page 2 -

TDET/UFO (Maj Quintanilla)/70916/mhs/30 Sep 67)
UFO Observation, August 23, 1967

Shawnee, Kansas 66603

1. Reference your unidentified observation of August 23, 1967 which you reported in your recent letter.

2. Although we did not perform a thorough investigation, since your report is over thirty days old, we do feel that you possibly observed a balloon.

3. There have been numerous cases of plastic clothes bags being used to make hot air balloons. The balloon is usually seen as a glowing, translucent object, usually white, red or yellow in color. The balloon usually stays aloft from five to fifteen minutes and when the candles burn down to the base platform (usual method of production) the light goes down or out and pieces of flery debris can be seen to fall.

4. This is not an evaluation on your sighting but only a description of one of the more common causes of sightings this summer.

5. Inclosed is a FTD Form 164 which you can complete and return to this office in the Inclosed envelope if you wish the Air Force to perform an investigation on your observation. We may be unable to make a positive identification on what you observed since many records are not kept over thirty days.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope

* Send 164
- cpy to JCM.


- page 3 -

