PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
27 Jan 67     27/0630

2. LOCATION
San Diego, California

(2 witness)

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Possible Other (CLOUD)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Object appeared as a illuminated cloud that moved gradually across the sky. Object had a dull glow appearance, was un-
seen edges.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Not reported

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

FORM
FTDSEP63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

February, 1967

Space Close Center
Colorado Springs, Colorado

Gentlemen:

I am writing this because I have sighted the second "object" recently. The place was January 22, 1967 at about 10 or 10:30 P.M. I had just retired and was looking at the sky as the stars were so beautiful, when all of a sudden I saw what appeared to be a cloud cloud that was a solid mass. That attracted my attention was that it gave off a glow. I could see it was a clear, slowly color soft. I got up to see it better as it moved over. I should not have miles an hour. I could not believe my eyes! It was about 40 feet high and quite clear. It made no noise at all. I called my wife to come and look, and we both watched it. It moved slowly, then it would stop, then move five minutes or so, until it disappeared over view. It moved out toward the ocean which is about 2 miles west of our home.

This morning as I was looking out the window again, I saw an "object", this time a bit to the first, moving across the sky at a distance. It was a mile or more. At first, going in the opposite direction. It was about 5 o'clock a.m., the stars were still out and it was just beginning to get light.

We are sincere about this, my wife and I are both church members, and have been for 1920. I cannot account for this and though you may have an answer.

I have just read "America's Big Eye On the Sky" in the Reader's Digest, which prompted me to write about this to you.

I am retired and have worked for twenty-three and a half years in A.T.&T. at Merrit Field, California. I was a member of the Issie Davison, so you can understand my interest in this matter.

At present, we reside in San Diego but are returning to the San Francisco Peninsula shortly. Our address will be Palo Alto, Calif. in the event you answer this letter.

Sincerely,

[Signature redacted]


- page 2 -

HEADQUARTERS
NORTH AMERICAN AIR DEFENSE COMMAND
ENT. AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO, 80712

AREA CODE 303
635-8911
EXT. 2388

27 February 1967

SUBJECT: Report of UFO Sighting

TO: Project Bluebook
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

1. The attached letter received in this command is forwarded for your action.

2. The originator of the letter has been informed that it has been forwarded to your office.

FOR THE COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF:

[Signature]
C. J. MATTHIESSEN
Lt Col, GS, USA
Director, Public Information

1 Atch
Ltr from
San Diego, Calif, 92109,
dated 9 Feb 67


- page 3 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
26   1   1967
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day: 20   20
             Hours   Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest point address is blacked out]   San Diego   California
                                 City or Town   State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                                 0   30
                                 Hours   Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
5.1 How was time in sight determined? [blank]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                             NIGHT
a. Bright                       a. Bright
b. Cloudy                       b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): 8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. None a. Bright moonlight
b. A few b. Dull moonlight
c. Many c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember d. (Don't remember)

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One): WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear sky a. Dry
b. Hazy b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Scattered clouds c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Thick or heavy clouds d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid d. As a light
b. Transparent e. Don't remember
c. Vapor as an illuminated cloud

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter c. About the same
b. Dimmer d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
at was a dull silvery white different

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred e. Other
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question) Yes No Don't know
a. Appear to stand still at any time? [ ] [ ] [ ]
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? [ ] [ ] [ ]
c. Break up into parts or explode? [ ] [ ] [ ]
d. Give off smoke? [ ] [ ] [ ]
e. Change brightness? [ ] [ ] [ ]
f. Change shape? [ ] [ ] [ ]
g. Flash or flicker? [ ] [ ] [ ]
h. Disappear and reappear? [ ] [ ] [ ]

Practically moved as was the sky


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
just practically went out of sight

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound none
b. Color a dull glow - with very color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
it was larger at first sighting

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[no drawing present]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [partially illegible text]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [partially illegible text]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South         g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest     h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No     e. Binoculars     Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No     f. Telescope      Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No     g. Theodolite     Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No     h. Other [partially illegible text]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
[partially illegible text]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ____________ Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The document also contains a diagram with a curved line showing angles from 0° to 90° and a compass rose, along with an illustration of a landscape with a figure.


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Illegible response]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses: [Redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted]
ADDRESS [Partially legible: "Hud Park 9623 - California"]
TELEPHONE NUM [Redacted] AGE 47 SEX Male

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
"I worked in the naval division at N effect 1 intel - NASA
California"

23. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
"U.S. Government
[Partially legible date] Space Vehicle Center
near Edwards Springs"


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: [Partially illegible date]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I was flying in the - working at the
Mars - Thinking from thankful they
were - when this formation appeared.
I was unable to get out of bed to
see it better. After watching it for a
short time - I called my wife and
the same case watched. The watched
for a time - but I watched until
it was out of sight. I reside in
the direction of the Pacific & area.


- page 10 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDBX/UFO                                                15 March 1967

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 25 Jan 67 & 9 Feb 67

TO: [Redacted]
Menlo Park, California 94026

Reference your unidentified observation. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific evaluation. Request you complete the attached FTD Form 164 and return it in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

JAMES C. MANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems

1 Atch
FTD Form 164 w/envelope


- page 11 -

