There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing text.

PROJECT 10C73 RECORD
1. LOCATION: SANTA FE, NEW MEXICO
10. CONCLUSION: 
Possible (PSYCHOLOGICAL) - No need to press in emulsion.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer sighted a spherical, whitish-gray, semi-transparent object which he felt was at too high an altitude for a balloon. The object was observed to change speed and direction without apparent cause. The observer stated that it remained in sight for some time and then suddenly disappeared. He felt that the object presented a puzzle for which he had no physical explanation.
In the observation, the observer described the object in detail and felt that no satisfactory physical explanation could be determined.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. More
c. Less
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Few clouds
c. Partly cloudy
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Bright
b. Transparent
c. Dull
d. As a light

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The shape of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a star
c. Round or circular
d. Other _____________________________

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Suddenly appear and/or disappear? Yes No Don't know
b. Move up, down, or sideways? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off light or color changes? Yes No Don't know
e. Leave a trail? Yes No Don't know
f. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
g. Reflect light like a mirror? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a form or questionnaire, related to a report on a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
DISAPPEARED IN MOMENTS BURST OF SPEED

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One:) Yes No Don't Know. If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 20 SOUND DISCERNIBLE SLIGHT WIND THAT MAY) 
b. Color: BRIGHT METALLIC LOOKING OBJECT WITH LIGHT
c. Size: SEEMED TO BE ABOUT 35' TO 40' DIAMETER

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw, such as wings, protrusions, etc., and indicate by an arrow the direction the object was moving. Place an arrow inside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
SKETCH OF METALIC APPEARING OBJECT ROUGHLY DOME SHAPED-APPROX 35' TO 40' DIAMETER - NO VISIBLE MEANS OF PROPULSION - APPEARED TO BE MOVING AT VERY HIGH RATE MORE THAN 1000 MPH ALTITUDE.

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 mile AWAY

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outside
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other IN ARROY

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other __________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) 
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No

26. In your own words, describe just what it was that you saw. Describe it in such a way that it would give the same appearance as the object or objects which, when placed in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object you saw.

SINGLE ROUND STATIONARY ON 175 MM

- page 4 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch depicting a compass and instructions for tracking the movement of an unidentified object. There is no photographic image present in this document.

Transcribing the text from the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a "B" on the object or objects that you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same ground line to show the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THIS, OR A SIMILAR OBJECT BEFORE? IF SO GIVE DATE AND LOCATION.
SIGHTING JAN 20, 1967 SANTE FE NEW MEXICO

WHAT WAS THE DURATION OF THE SIGHTING? 1-2 MINUTES

WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME OF SIGHTING? CLEAR NIGHT
DESCRIBE WHAT YOU SAW. BRIGHT WHITE LIGHTS ON A CRAFT OF SOME KIND. STRANGE LIGHTING LIKE A CORONA DISCHARGE.

WAS ANYONE ELSE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? (CIRCLE ONE) YES NO

IF YOU ANSWERED YES, DID THEY SEE THE OBJECT TOO? (CIRCLE ONE) YES NO

PLEASE LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES.

PLEASE GIVE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF:
NAME: [REDACTED]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [REDACTED]
AGE: 43 SEX: M
INDICATE ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF, INCLUDING ANY SPECIAL EXPERIENCES WHICH MIGHT BE PERTINENT. 
EX USAF SECURITY POLICE - STATIONED VARIOUS SECURITY POSTS SUCH AS NUKE SILOS, AIRFIELDS, & DEPOTS - HAD "INCIDENT" REGARDING "UNUSUAL ACTIVITY" - SELF RELIANT IN WILDERNESS -

WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SEEN THE OBJECT? UFO NET / THE PRESS

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it only shows a handwritten document page.

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 4-70
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:
     The flying saucer sited by us was reported in a previous case that was successfully closed. What we saw, a saucer with a bright dome and a series of protrusions in its lower section, has already been successfully explicated in previous studies.I'm extremely negative - I'm not sure anyone else along - negative. Can determine that it is a plausible - probably not as a photo or any kind of picture.Sincerely

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document with text that seems to be a "PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA" form. The text in the document is as follows:

1. Type and make of camera Wiegenlander Paris 2-8-58
2. Type, focal length, and make of lens Clar Lanthar Wollensak f/2.8 Cantilever
3. Brand and type of film 
4. Shutter speed used About 1/25
5. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop none
6. Filters used 
7. Was tripod or solid stand used 
8. Was "panning" used yes
9. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the ground. E. S. E.
10. If supplemental information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, and the smallest and largest "f" stop and shutter speed readings on the camera, but shutter speed readings of 1 second or longer cannot be accepted.

Noted: (Harlington - Martin.) It was infinity.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, specifically a "PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT" dated November 20, 1967 and completed on August 8, 1967.

The text in the document is as follows:

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT NR 67-82
SUBJECT: UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION: ESTELAR, PENNSYLVANIA
DATE: 8 August 1967
PHOTOGRAPHY
PARS: One negative, one print
PURPOSE: This report answers Mark Order Number 67-11 submitted by Major Quintanilla, requesting that photo analysis be accomplished on the submitted slide (negative) and photograph.
1. ANALYSIS: A close examination of the emulsion side of the negative revealed either a slight defect or discoloration in the emulsion which could have been caused by a light leak during processing. These types of flaws in the emulsion or film are not uncommon.
PHOTO ANALYSIS BY: 
WILLIAM T. COOK
INTELLIGENCE Research Specialist
(MAJOR) WILLIAM B. TURNER 
CHIEF, PHOTO ANALYSIS Branch
Chief, Photo Interpretation Division

- page 9 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document containing text.

Performing OCR on the text:

Dear sir,
Pleas... informati on how to
rend. to all of r h* nj as
It. are so many peo nle who
are rea v to give all sortra nf
help if onl y some organisation
wou Id take over the job. Y/e
lear that nothing concrete is
hei njr done at preserf and
that manrr people vvho are
anxio is to help are not
being contacted. Would you
suggest how we ma:/ best
go about this in a way that
T/j 11 get response from the,
people who say they are ready
to give help? My wif e and I
T/ould be most happy to give
whatever help we can.

Yours faithfully,
F. J.j.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten text and some lines. The handwritten text appears to say "Roswell, New Mexico" and the date "17964". There are no images or photographs present in this document.

Transcription of text:

Roswell, New Mexico
17964

- page 11 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image shows a handwritten text that appears to be part of an older document or report.

One included (1) 4"x5" negative
and one (1) 4"x5" original

- page 12 -

This image does not appear to contain a photograph, but rather a document page from Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force investigation into Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs). The document is a "Memo Routing Slip" that provides details about a UFO observation report.

The text in the document is as follows:

MEMO ROUTING SLIP
USAF (SAFOTCG) Attn: Jo Turture
REMARKS: Subj: UFO Observation, Aug 9, '67
Ref the attached letter from ...
Attempted to return the negatives, however, they will not release them as the negatives have been destroyed. We have no forwarded them.

FROM CAPT(UFO) 90-AP-9160 45433
DATE 9 JAN 68
RECEIVED 8 FEB 68

- page 13 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a typed Memorandum from the Department of the Air Force Office of the Secretary.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY

MEMORANDUM

FYI. What shall I test the ?

Have you finished with the negative or all.

7 July

Stamped: 
R MAYT 1975
29 MAR 67

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph, it only shows handwritten text that appears to be a signature that says "Curtis Roy 8 3 57".

RETURN NEGATING IT

- page 15 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text.

Transcription of the text:

December 13, 1966
Fancesville, Pa.
Dear Sir,
Again I must tell you of a strange sighting that I have. On October 28, 1966, I saw a strange object in the sky. It was about 6:30 p.m. and the object was about 5 miles away and traveling at a speed of approximately 1200 m.p.h. The object was cigar-shaped and had a brilliant bluish-white light on the front and a reddish light on the rear. The object was traveling in a straight line and I watched it for about 2 minutes before it disappeared. I have heard no reply from my previous report so I am writing this one to you.
I have heard so many of these that I can hardly believe my own. I hope this report will be of some interest to your files.
Yours sincerely,
[Redacted]
P.S. I've more spectacular photos to send - when not SEND ADDITIONAL UNTIL YOU - .

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document containing a typed report.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

TDRF/UFO Maj H Quintanilla, Jr/70916/18/29 Dec 67

LTJ Observation & Photograph, August 9, 1967

Lancaster, Pennsylvania 17603

Reference your unidentified flying object (UFO) observation of August 9, 1967 at Santa Fe, New Mexico. Photo analysis was accomplished and it was determined that the object photographed was actually an aircraft contrail. The USAF has conducted a close examination of the collision side of the negative revealed slight evidence of retouching or 'touching up' of the film. However, this does not necessarily mean the original photograph was altered.

We are returning your slide and one print.

Phillip S. Abelon
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Directorate of Aerospace Surveillance
Production Directorate

- page 17 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather handwritten text. The text reads:

"8 May 67
Lancaster, Pa.

Make a note,
this is a test sighting
(BRW)"

- page 18 -

The image contains two photographs. The larger photograph appears to show a cloud formation or some kind of aerial anomaly. The smaller photograph in the bottom right corner appears to show a similar cloud-like formation in the sky.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 19 -

The image contains two photographs of an unidentified flying object (UFO). The upper photograph shows a blurry, indistinct object in the sky. The lower photograph shows a closer view of the same object, which appears to be a bright, luminous object against a dark background.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION,AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 20 -

The image contains two photographs. The top photograph appears to show a blurry, indistinct object in the sky. The bottom photograph shows a landscape with some vegetation in the foreground and a snowy or cloudy background.

FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION, AFSC
UNCLASSIFIED

- page 21 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from an old document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR system, I have extracted the following text from the document:

September 21, 1967
Dear Sir,
Your letter, several weeks old, comes to me accidentally. It is quite true that I myself was present to this affair - my observations were not very fruitful however. There seemed to me to be a certain confusion - some say this, some say that. But quite honestly, I do not feel that I have much to add to what has already been said and written about this business. Observations were few and far between and I have not followed the case with the interest some may have done. I felt it was something of a tempest in a teapot so to speak and did not pursue it. But you may feel free to inform me if you develop any new information which may seem worthy of my attention. Thank you for writing.
Sincerely yours.

- page 22 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document or letter discussing information related to "Project Blue Book", which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1947 to 1969.

Text transcription:
"information on sightings actually or otherwise on the case. type 1 have a negative, and print and a blow-up (3" x 10") i will not send unless negative is any good - you can see if you would like print or blow-up

if either photograph or any other information is needed, please let me know as soon as possible, i shall be glad to furnish any material that you may require. *

on information you request i will be glad to help in any way i can." 

The text discusses providing information and photographic evidence related to UFO sightings as part of the Project Blue Book investigation.

- page 23 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only handwritten text. As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the following text output:

"This refers to my telephone conversation with you today, which it seems to me I handled as well as possible. I may be wrong. Sincerely,

LANCASTER, PA. 
17663

To phone - 
call between 12-3 pm
LANCASTER DIRECTORY"

- page 24 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Transcription of the text in the document:

April 27, 1967

Dear Sir,

I wrote a letter to you a long time ago. I received no reply. 

Again I must apologize for this delay. I have been ill and out of the country for some time, and this should explain my tardiness in answering your C.P. Book.

Regarding your small sketch of the "saucers" - these shapes do remind me of those I have seen myself over the years. I have a small sketch of these myself - very simple in detail, but rather interesting. However, I have noticed that these "saucer" configurations come in a number of shapes and sizes, and I would be cautious about any claims of exact identification from a sketch alone.

Personally, I don't wish to make any rash statements or commitments on this matter until I have had the chance to discuss it with you again. My views on these subjects tend to be rather complex and difficult to summarize briefly. I would like to go over this with you in more detail when you have the opportunity.

Thank you for your interest and patience. I look forward to hearing from you again.

Sincerely,
[Signature]

- page 25 -

The image appears to be a handwritten document page, but there is no photograph present. I will proceed to extract the text from the document:

I felt - and in relation to this area - that the weather was very clear - and that these were probably - of a highly explainable nature. If any of you could give me some idea of what - and when - this happened - it would be of tremendous assistance. I realize, of course, that you cannot identify me in any way - but any clues or suggestions would be most welcome. We hope with your help to investigate this fully - and to arrive at some intelligent conclusion. If you have any other such reports from this general area, we would be most anxious to have them. Please let me know whatever you can, and many thanks for your co-operation.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which is a United States Air Force research project that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969.

Text from the document:

"DEPT/UFO (Maj Quintanilla/70916/mh/30 Sep 67)
UFO Observation & Photographs

Mr.
Lancaster, Pennsylvania 17603

1. Reference your letter of September 21, 1967 in which you furnished additional observations and photographs. If the Air Force is to perform an analysis on your photographs submitted on 21 September, please send along your original negatives in the enclosed envelope. 

2. We do not have the funds or the time to visit everyone who makes unidentified sighting reports. For this reason, the Air Force installation has an UFO investigator who is able to conduct on-the-spot investigations. The present Air Force directive is basically for positive identification of objects rather than elaborate analysis of negatives. If you can assist us in performing the analysis we will be unable to return the negatives to you upon completion of analysis along with our findings.

3. We do not have the funds or the time to visit everyone who has a unidentified sighting. For this reason, the Air Force installation has an UFO investigator who is able to conduct on-the-spot investigations. The present Air Force directive is basically for positive identification of objects rather than elaborate analysis of negatives. If you can assist us in performing the analysis we will be unable to return the negatives to you upon completion of analysis along with our findings.

4. Thank you for bringing your observation to our attention.

HECTOR G. MANA'FLT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Technology and Subsystems"

- page 27 -

The image does not contain any visible photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book report, specifically a UFO sighting report form.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions as completely as possible. The information given will be treated confidentially and will not be associated with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.
1. When did you see the object? 8 Dec 67
2. Time of day: 10:30 AM (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? SANTA FE, N.M.
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 15 Minutes Seconds
5.1 Certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes
6. What was the condition of the sky? a. Clear b. Hazy c. Partly cloudy d. Overcast
7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To the right of you c. To your left d. Behind you e. Don't remember

- page 28 -

