The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
2. LOCATION: Natrona, Pennsylvania (Multiple)
10. CONCLUSION: Satellite (ECHO 1)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: The observer sighted a bright white light that moved from the southeast to the northwest. The object was observed for approximately 10 minutes.

- page 1 -

The image appears to contain a handwritten sketch or drawing depicting a scene in the sky. The drawing shows several stars or bright objects in the sky, with two bright objects that seem to be the main focus of the drawing. There is also some text written below the drawing.

However, as there are no identifiable human faces in the image, I will proceed to extract the text from the document as requested:

April 19, 1965.
A.F.O. report. 
The object that we had seen was a good-sized, bright white object. It was a perfect circle, some kind of rim or edge around it. When we first saw it, it was about 8,000 ft. high and in a northwesterly direction. The object seemed to be moving quite slowly, apparently along a east-west direction. Then all of a sudden it just disappeared, it seemed to go out of sight, like a light going out. It was up for a good while, maybe 10 or 15 minutes, then it just went out. We waited and watched a while to see if it would come back, but it did not. If it would have been an airplane or something, we would have heard some noise. But there was no sound at all. We were quite surprised, especially when it disappeared so quickly. 
If it would have been some kind of moving star, it would have kept going, but this just disappeared, like a light going out. We have been in the military service for quite a while and have seen a lot of strange things in the sky, but never anything like this before. It was really quite an experience and we were both very much surprised and puzzled over what we had seen. We watched the sky very closely after that, but it did not come back.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book, with handwritten text.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is as follows:

"A clear sky with there was a good many stars and there are no moon. this is a strange tale of a straight line so it could not have been a star.

On Saturday April 20, 1968 we sighted it again coming from the direction that it had disappeared. we returned to the same place at the same time, we were the following night at the same place to see if it would return again, and it did at about the same time varying in the beams much more brighter than the first time, this one seemed to be moving in the east and then north, and we left at about 10:30 P.M. Father, much of this one has been written as we actually saw and watched it, and another that can be seen a better description of it."

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of an unidentified object.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that it is deemed necessary by our contact details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day - Month - Year

2. Time of day:
Hour - Minutes
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Address - City or Town - State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours - Minutes - Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes - No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. In back of you c. To your right d. To your left e. Overhead f. Don't remember

FTD FORM 164 Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service May 1966

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. It seems to be a page from an old UFO report document, likely from Project Blue Book. I will now proceed to act as an OCR system and extract all the text found in the document:

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark 
d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Hazy

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: ___________________

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly seem to speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Give off vapor? Yes No Don't know
e. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
f. Have colored lights or pulsating lights? Yes No Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form, which is a questionnaire used to collect information about UFO sightings.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? _________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? __________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type) ____________
e. At sea
f. Other _______________________

23. Were you (Circle One) 
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open country-side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other_______________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _____________miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eye glasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Wind-shield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other _____________

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing a questionnaire with various questions about the sighting of a UFO object.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Circle One:   Yes     No     Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
Circle One:   Yes     No     Don't Know.  If you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

The image contains a form with questions about a UFO sighting, but no photograph is present. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. if so give date or dates and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)     Yes     No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)     Yes     No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME:
ADDRESS: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER:
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day Month Year

- page 8 -

This page does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing diagrams and instructions for sketching observations of UFO sightings.

Transcribed text:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this document. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, with text describing a UFO observation made on April 19, 1963 in Natrona, Pennsylvania.

TEXT (UFO) Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/ms/22 May 63
UFO Observation, 19 April 1963

Natrona, Pennsylvania 15065

1. Reference your unidentified observation of 19 April 1963 which you reported to our office.

2. Although your sighting may have been caused by a plane with its landing lights on, our analysis indicates that you were probably observing high altitude oblong objects moving eastward and progressing toward the northeast. Thus, you should have seen Echo I in the southeast and it should have been clearly visible in the east about five to ten minutes later. Echo I has a stellar magnitude of approximately 1 and is easily identifiable as the brightest object in the east at that time.

3. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 10 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, containing handwritten text.

Project Blue Book
Washington, D.C.

Dear S.P.S:

I'm sending you a very important write up of a U.F.O. that I have seen. Other people said it had been a plane. But in this write up I prove that the I saw was not my friends' plane.

Thank you,
[Redacted]

- page 11 -

