PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: [illegible]

2. LOCATION: Cincinnati, Ohio

3. SOURCE: Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: unknown

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: unknown

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground Visual

7. COURSE: unknown

8. PHOTOS: No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Astro: METEOR

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
The observer said that she was watching the sky at night and saw streaks of fire that would go out right away.

FORM: FTD SEP 68 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: [partially illegible date]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

36. OTHER: MR [redacted] CALLED BACK AT 215 HRS, 23FEB68. HE SAID THAT THE UFO AT THAT TIME (920½HRS) WAS A 18/100T WEATHER BALLONS LAUNCHED BY SOME LOCAL BOYS WITH STREAMERS THAT WOULD GLOW IN THE DARK.

At the bottom of the page:
SGT TO BE
23FEB68
215MRS


- page 2 -

Cincinnati Ohio

One night I could not sleep I just happen to look out of the window and I saw about eight flying someons three went one way three went another way two went straight one of the flying someons who went straight shot a white ray out a star and the ray hit the star and the star fell to the ground.

P.S. I am [redacted] mother thus one night [redacted] told me the next morning mom you missed it. So another little miss who lives near was we were talking have what do you right before last I was by there and I saw stacks of fire they would go out right away. I got down of they were about the neighbor busy. He said to me it looked just like your back yard. I'm sure...


- page 3 -

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
23 Feb 68    24/0145Z

2. LOCATION
Cincinnati, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
Vertical

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
Hot Air BALLOON

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The observer sighted a bright orange and looked like a big plastic capsule with fire at the bottom.

Comments: The observer's husband called Duty Officer to say that several boys had launched a plastic hot air balloon in the area.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.

WHITTAKER


- page 4 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
23    Feb    68
Day    Month   Year

2. Time of day: 8    45
             Hour   Minutes
(Circle One):    A.M.    or    P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern    (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Central             b. Standard
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Nearest Postal Address is blacked out]    Cincinnati, Ohio
                                City or Town    State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)    5
                                Hours    Minutes    Seconds
a. Certain    c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain    d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? [partially illegible text]
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                NIGHT
a. Bright            a. Bright
b. Cloudy            b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 6 -

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):   Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: _______
b. Color: _______

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
much larger than match head

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an object that looks like an elongated bell or teardrop shape with an arrow indicating its direction of movement]


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [handwritten text partially illegible]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building [handwritten text partially illegible]
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North                 c. East                 e. South                 g. West
b. Northeast            d. Southeast            f. Southwest             h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses           Yes   No         e. Binoculars           Yes   No
b. Sun glasses          Yes   No         f. Telescope            Yes   No
c. Windshield           Yes   No         g. Theodolite           Yes   No
d. Window glass         Yes   No         h. Other [handwritten text partially illegible]

In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten text at bottom, partially illegible]


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

[Handwritten notes: "Arch" and "VS"]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[Blank response]

31. Was anyone else with you at this time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
[Mostly blacked out, with partial text visible: "Cincinnati"]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Last Name, First Name, Middle Name all blacked out]
ADDRESS [Mostly blacked out] B Cincinnati Ohio 45208
TELEPHONE NUMBER [blacked out]   AGE 45   SEX F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
None.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Partially legible text: "PD" and "Staff on Duty Officer"]


- page 10 -

