The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record document. There is no photograph present in this image, only text.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: October 68 07002
2. LOCATION: Delmar, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Over an Hour
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Stationary
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
Although the report indicates the observer saw an object with several colored lights (red, green, yellow and bright white), the observer did not return the SIGHTING DATA and SUPPLEMENTAL DATA forms. Therefore, additional information required for a complete evaluation is not available.

- page 1 -

This image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to investigate unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text in the document is as follows:

Dear Mrs. [REDACTED],

This relates to your letter numbered October 13, in which you state that you had an unidentified aerial object. 

Without additional information, we cannot offer a conclusion if what you saw was a planet, a reflection, or some other natural celestial object. However, the Detachment Air Force Base, Ohio, will be able to investigate further and make an evaluation.

Should you sight another unidentified flying object (UFO), please provide all details to the nearest United States Air Force unit. The nearest Air Force station, as you will call will be the station and ask for the UFO Officer on duty. He can then initiate action to investigate the sighting.

If possible, he can make an on-the-spot investigation, if this is usually able to achieve a more conclusive result.

In the meantime, you might be well to identify your sighting by looking at the categories of objects reported as UFOs. In the material we are sending, you will find a list of the more common types.

Sincerely,

JAMES E. ATCMAN
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

- page 2 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a handwritten document. As requested, I will act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce all the text found in the document:

Dear Sir, 

This is a summary of a report received concerning a UFO sighting last night. The informant was most concerned over the strange movements and actions of the object he observed. He is a reputable citizen and his report seems credible. 

The object was observed for approximately 15 minutes at around 8:30 PM. It was sighted hovering at an estimated altitude of 200-300 feet above the ground. The informant described it as a bright white light, approximately 30 feet in diameter. It moved silently, making rapid and erratic maneuvers, darting back and forth and up and down. At times it appeared to be hovering motionless. Then it would dart off at great speed, only to return moments later and resume the hovering pattern. 

No sound was heard from the object, and it displayed no visible means of propulsion. The informant states that he has never seen anything like it before, and is quite perplexed by the experience. He is requesting that the authorities look into this sighting and investigate further.

Please advise if any additional information is required. This report is being forwarded for your review and consideration.

Sincerely,

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document, likely a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text in the document is:

Is there any information of value that may have existed on that destroyed part of the pages as indicated. 1. That may have contained information of value to our investigation. As we seem to have missed what may have been clues or evidence of importance. The envelope containing the pages was also destroyed and no copy exists. I must report that this is most regrettable and unsatisfactory as we have now lost any chance of following up this lead or case. I hope that you will understand that this is a great disappointment to me and my staff, as we were anxiously awaiting the arrival of these pages to further our investigations. We will of course continue our efforts in this area in the hope that some other lead may present itself in due course. 
Yours faithfully,

- page 4 -

