The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document with only text visible.

File 12258
March 4, 1968
Davenport, Iowa
4 photos

- page 1 -

The image appears to show a black, elongated object in the center of the frame against a cloudy or hazy background. While it resembles a photograph of what could be interpreted as an unidentified flying object (UFO), the image quality is relatively poor and does not provide much detail about the object's size, shape, or specific characteristics.

WITNESS DESCRIPTION:
STATEMENT - DAVENPORT, IOWA - 3-6-1968
I was driving to work alone when I noticed a bright light in the sky. As I watched, the light seemed to extend into an elongated shape. The object appeared dark in the center and emitted light from its periphery. I pulled off the road and got out of my car to observe it more closely. The object remained stationary for several minutes before rapidly accelerating and disappearing from view. I immediately reported the sighting to the police.

- page 2 -

The image appears to show a dark, elongated shape, potentially a photograph of an unidentified flying object (UFO) from the Project Blue Book files. However, the image is blurry and does not provide clear details about the object.

Text found in the document:

OFFICE OF THE 
UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
DIRECTOR OF INTELLIGENCE
PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1. DATE 24 January 1958 
2. LOCATION Davenport, Iowa
3. TIME 2345Z
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground - Radar 
5. COURSE OBSERVED: ---
6. DURATION 30 seconds
7. PHOTOS --- 
8. WEATHER Cloudy
9. METEOR SHOWER: --- 
10. STRENGTH OF SIGNAL: ---
11. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1 
12. SIZE OF OBJECTS: ---
13. DISTANCE FROM OBSERVER: ---
14. REMARKS: Radar track of a single target which appeared suddenly and disappeared suddenly. No other details available.
15. CONCLUSIONS: Unknown
16. INVESTIGATOR(S) Lt. Philip H. Heatley.

- page 3 -

The image contains a photograph of what appears to be a silhouette or dark shape in the center of the frame. The shape is not clearly defined and seems to be partially obscured or blurry. There is no identifying information about humans visible in the image.

"U.F.O. REPORT 
 
Davenport, Iowa 
12258 
March 6, 1968

At 2100 hours on March 6, 1968, a report was received by the Air Force from Davenport, Iowa, concerning a UFO sighting. 

The witness, a male private individual, reported seeing an unidentified object in the sky at approximately 1620 hours that same day.  He stated that the object was round in shape and hovered in the sky for several minutes before departing at a high rate of speed.

An investigation was conducted by the local authorities. No further information is available at this time."

- page 4 -

The image appears to show a blurry, elongated object against a grainy background. The object appears to be dark in color and has an indistinct shape, resembling a shadowy or silhouetted form. There are no identifiable human figures present in the image.

CASE 12258 - DAVENPORT, IOWA - MARCH 1968 

On 11 March 1968, Mr. Virgil O. Yeager, 603 W. 10th St., Davenport, Iowa, reported sighting an unidentified flying object to the Davenport Police Department. Yeager told police that the object was first observed at 10:30 P.M. on 10 March 1968, and that it had been observed in the sky for over two hours. 

Yeager stated that the object hovered, then moved rapidly off to the south and disappeared from sight. He described the object as oval-shaped, about 40-50 feet in diameter, and reddish-orange in color. Yeager said the object made no sound.

The Davenport Police Department received the report and contacted the U.S. Air Force. The Air Force responded and initiated an investigation through Project Blue Book. No further details of the investigation are available in this case file.

- page 5 -

