PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
15 Aug. 1968

2. LOCATION
Xenia, Ohio---Yellow Springs, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civ. & Witnesses

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
30 min.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Visual

7. COURSE
Erratic

8. PHOTOS
1 Yes
1 No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
□ No

10. CONCLUSION
UNIDENTIFIED (on basis of present evidence--
hope to get more later)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
An object, or light, shaped first like plate, 
seen directly overhead by person riding in an 
open convertible going north. Later shaped like 
a cut of pie, tip upward, and enveloped in mist. 
Gold and white, with edges rounded off. Light said 
to be bright enough to light road and surroundings. 
Witness drove home and called three others--thought 
it was soon at first but abandoned this hypothesis 
because of shape, erratic motion. Discrepancy in 
time. Quarter moon was rising and should have been 
visible if eastern horizon entirely unobscured. 
Witness reject hypothesis of moon even though 
they failed to see the moon. Rejection emphatic.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-229 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-3-

its appearance? And how? The color certainly sounds very much like
the moon.

Then Mr. [redacted] identifies it as the moon. And as for the
statement that "it's moving", they apparently used this motion to prove
that it was definitely not the moon. Yet they do not even explain how
they could definitely tell it was not the moon, though they keep repeating
that assertion. Again, I think that autokinesis is involved here.

Then, I feel that Hynek makes a very serious error when he
makes the assertion that "I would say that the first part of your sighting
couldn't possibly have been the moon." Why not? And even if he were
convinced of that, by making this statement he further conditions the
witnesses and bolsters what I think was their erroneous conclusions
from the observations. She is the one who kept claiming that what she
and her parents saw was definitely not the moon. Because "it was a
movement." Refers to the jerky movement, which is again characteristic
of autokinesis. Hynek should never have stepped in and backed their
position. He is supposed to be a neutral party, trying to elicit the facts
from them, and now he has backed [redacted] so that she will always
say that she saw something that was different from the moon, and the
Air Force investigator [redacted] but then [redacted] says "It
looked to me like an ordinary moon in the beginning." Then "it kind
of hovered and then it gradually moved on toward the east." Hynek
concurs that this would be backward travel. But he fails to note, and
he has significantly failed to take account of this phenomenon in previous
cases, that it could have been autokinesis. And when Hynek states that
he was surprised that the moon wasn't seen also, the answer to me is
quite clear. This was the object that they were seeing. He tries to infer
that they did not see the moon because of low clouds.

And when Hynek presses them to suggest the object that would
most closely resemble the color and shape, and [redacted] says that it would
look just like the moon, a sort of reddish orange. Then he goes on to
describe swinging, a sort of about sounds, which appears to be imagina-
tion. And so does the "funny odor."

In reply to Hynek's direct question about whether it "moved
across the sky," they replied "If really actually appeared to move."
From what [redacted] said, the only reason for believing that it
was not the moon is that "well, the moon never acted like that."


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-4-

himself then described it as similar to a "pale full moon on a very misty, foggy night." Hynek put the words into his mouth, like a "coronal discharge"."

In brief, I am quite convinced that the object was probably the moon. That strong autokinesis was involved. That many of the motions reported were imagined.

As for interview, I think it was faulty procedure to interview all of the witnesses at the same time.

Hynek seems to make something of the fact that Mr. _____ was technical ability. And yet, when you read what he says, it means absolutely nothing. He quotes what the other people said. He talks about "a light started to come back," and then describes what would certainly be very much like the moon coming through the clouds. He gives you his comparison that it did so appear. He even mentions the "oval" character which would fit in with the phase of the moon at the time.

As you read through, you get the impression that people are answering for each other.

I am certainly not impressed about either the noise or the odor.

When _____ heard the noise when it was over her and close to her, "why didn't Hynek ask _____ how excitable she is?" And of course she replies "I definitely keep my cool." There is a definite point that seems to have been missed completely, that _____ saying "I have always somewhat believed in it, although until you really see it there is always something of a doubt. It's only logical that there are such things." To me, it is clear that _____ says that she is believing in flying saucers. That she has always believed in flying saucers. And this sort of a belief could have readily conditioned her when she saw and misidentified the moon.

Hynek gets briefly out of the time discrepancy, but I don't think he clarifies it at all. We get only the reply from _____ and nothing from anybody else. The assessment of the time, however, seems


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

-5-

reasonably consistent with the evaluation that it was the moon.

I cannot follow Hynek's reasoning that, as far as he could see, it was not the moon.

Hynek says "Unless we discount the testimony of all four." I don't see the testimony of all four. There is the testimony of Ardene, who, despite her declaration to the contrary, was probably very excited and hysterical. Under such conditions, autokinesis is common. I have observed it myself. Moreover the phenomenon can be transmitted to another person.

In brief, I have heard so much over the years, about "stars over the sky," and the impossibility of explaining them, and the lack of imagination and appreciation of auto-kinetic effects, that I think the time has come to review such cases. Or, in the case of new cases involving "jerky motions," to recognize the auto-kinetic syndrome.

I see no stretching of the evidence whatever to identify this object as the moon. And if, by the qualification "given" Hynek means to distinguish between the actual testimony and possible conclusions from that testimony, then he is not properly "weighing" the evidence as he claims. You do have to take into account the unreliability of humans witnessing such a phenomenon. I see no reason to assume that the "eastern horizon was obscured," simply because "not one of the four saw the rising quarter moon." That is a complete misstatement. Everyone, including Ardene, testified that the object looked like the moon. It was Ardene who insisted that it could not be the moon because of its apparent motion. And Hynek concludes by the statement, which seems to me completely unwarranted by the evidence, that "it seems unlikely that all four, particularly the engineering student, would not have recognized the moon over a period of at least five minutes."

The transcript speaks for itself. The engineering student described what he thought he saw as the moon. The only reason he doubted it was because of insistence. And much the same reasons came from others. Moreover, I see no reason why, from the evidence itself, at least three of them were really seeing something that looked like the moon.


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-6-

Finally, as for [redacted] statement about "keeping her cool," I refer to Lucy's statement that "when she came in the door, she looked like she was scared to death." And that is the impression I get from her actions.

To summarize my impression, there is absolutely nothing in this entire statement that leads me to suspect that something other than the moon was involved. Certainly no plasma phenomenon was necessary.

In my honest opinion, there is absolutely no reason to keep this sighting on the list of unknowns.

In defense of Hynek's position, however, I concur that the moon does not go jumping around by ten or twenty degrees. Nevertheless, what [redacted] said, that "it seemed to move, just very slightly," very slowly to one side, and back again to its general position." Hynek certainly recognizes that there/been "other cases like it." When Ardenne said that it was "directly overhead," Hynek clearly accepts her statement for its face value. On the other hand, he still claimed, at an altitude of 900. On the other hand, even if it were relatively low on the horizon, if she thought it was within a few hundred feet, following her, she would have clearly still thought that it was "directly overhead." So I do not think that Hynek's question to her husband, concerning Ardenne's reliability, was responsive.

I realize, too, that the moon and stars don't jump around the way [redacted] said this moon did. And the moon doesn't go either. I've seen too many cases of both moving fog and autokinesis, to realize that human beings can make terrible mistakes of identification. I think that is what happened at this site. I simply don't share Hynek's faith in the reliability of human beings. If you wish, I have no objection to your showing him my reaction to this case. I predict in advance that he will think my assumptions too "ad hoc." That I am trying to consider this case as a single example, completely separate from other cases that may have some apparent similarity. On the other hand, I have all the basic data. I think it is not justified to introduce any evidence from other cases into this one, despite apparent similarity. Each case has to be taken separately. I maintain this point. Because I gather from some of Hynek's comments that he sees some pattern in the cases that attracts him. Frankly, I don't. There are too many-far too many-different kinds of stimuli that give rise to such phenomena. On a given night, even from the same locality, reports of UFO's will arise from a dozen entirely unrelated phenomena. And that is something


- page 5 -

that, apparently, no one other than myself has generally
realized or emphasized.

I think this case is about closed. It might be
relevant to get significant weather data from the local
weather bureau or from, preferably, from any nearby airport.
And I would certainly like to have a chance to interview
Mrs. concerning her eyes. She was clearly a believer in
saucers. Was she, by any chance, a member of any saucer
organization? What had she read about UFO's? These are
relevant conditioning things.

Very truly yours,
Donald H. Menzel

DBM/md

November 8, 1968

Returned map of the area as requested.


- page 6 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

CAPT (UFO) Lt Marano/7O915/mho/7 Oct 63                                   10 OCT 1963

Request for UFO Information

Dr Donald H Wenzel
Perkins College Observatory
50 Garden Street
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02138

1. Reference your letter of 15 July 1963. Please excuse the delay in
replying.

2. We have reproduced a copy of the 25 February 1967 sighting from
Fargo, North Dakota, for you. A copy of the file was sent to you on
24 November 1967, however, the attached case also includes material
received since the 24th.

3. Enclosed is a copy of our evaluation card for a sighting from
Nielson AFB, Alaska. Three of the four observers were aircraft
controllers, and they all estimated that the 'object' was eight to
ten miles from them initially.

4. We also have a very interesting case for the late evening of
14 August 1963 near early morning hours of the 15th. The observers
(apparently three very capable and reliable people) sighted a large
orangish object that moved about in the sky, had a definite color, and
made a groaning noise. There was a strong inversion that might and
the observers did not see the moon out did see stars. However, the
moon should have been visible and in roughly the same position as the
UFO. We have not evaluated this case yet because we are still trying
to convince Dr Hynek that the moon may have been the culprit. We
would appreciate your comments on this case.

5. Incidentally, we do not know anything about the decay of any
Russian rocket body over Indiana in late June or early 1963.
Also enclosed is a copy of a letter that we recently received from
Polar Frantisek. Since it apparently involves elk herd rings, we
thought that you might be interested.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

4 Atch
1. Fargo N Dakota, 25 Feb 67
2. Evaluation Card, Nielson AFB
3. Yellow Springs, Ohio, 15 Aug 63
4. Ltr


- page 7 -

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
60 GARDEN STREET
CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS 02138
CABLE ADDRESS "OBSERVATORY"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla                -2-                October 28, 1968

With reference to the 25 February 1967 sighting at Fargo, N. D., 
I don't know what that was that the boy's saw. But the "object" seen 
by _______ the northwest was almost certainly the Planet Venus.
I quote from "Sky and Telescope" for March, 1967. "Venus, at 
magnitude -3.4, is striking in the evening sky, for it sets well after 
twilight ends." The changes of color and the rays are all consistent 
with the identification. I'd be inclined to think that probably the boys 
saw the same thing, but made an error in their determination of 
direction. That is very easy to do, especially if the road is winding.

I am not very much impressed with Hynek's investigation of the 
phenomenon. He makes the tacit assumption, which I believe is a 
serious defect of many such investigations, that the two separate 
groups saw the same "object." Well, if it was the same object, then 
it was the Planet Venus, beyond question. The boys might have seen 
something different.

There are lots of questions that I could ask, which apparently 
were not touched on. I'd like to know what the model of the Polaroid 
was. How did they determine the exposure time? Polaroid's have 
automatic controls for equalizing the exposure. But when one is taking 
the picture of a small bright object at night this control does not function 
satisfactorily. Are the spots on the picture stars? I would judge that 
they are not, because of their irregularity. I think pictures should have 
been taken under similar circumstances, to check the significance of 
the scratches seen at the edge of the film. How can one minimize the 
effect of camera warble for what must have been a fairly long exposure? 
There was nothing in the record to indicate that the object photographed 
by the boys might not have been a plane. The case is interesting, but 
the investigation less much to be desired.

No, in regard to the _______ case of 14 August 1968. After reading 
the record, I am completely convinced that when a person says, in effect, 
"the moon... but it could not have been... because..." then it 
almost always is "..." since the "because" is invalid. This would not 
be the first time that people have called the moon a UFO. I think that 
many of the UFO investigations have failed because the investigators 
take the statements of the witnesses at their face value. Under such 
circumstances, I subscribe to the motto that "People are Dumb!."


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla                -3-                   October 28, 1968

I would also concur with the identification of the Eielson sighting of 11 July 1968 as the moon.

I had some interesting discussions with M. Minnaert, the Dutch Astronomer, who was the chief individual working with me in naming factors of the far side of the moon. He is the author of a delightful book, "The Nature of Light and Color in the Open Air." Are you familiar with it? If not, you certainly should be, because it discusses many phenomenal meteorological optics. There is an inexpensive Dover edition, if you desire to get one.

He told me that he had discovered a number of extremely reliable observations of multiple images of the sun or moon, which in terms of reflection go up to 3 1/2 degrees! There is no simple explanation for these phenomena, but he was quite sure that something peculiar in the way of meteorological optics is responsible.

Sometimes I get discouraged at the situation. I have worked pretty hard, as you know, to get some sense into this area. I know of no other scientist that has gone as deeply as I have into the matter, with the possible exception of Hynek. But something definitely has happened to him and I don't know what it is. He now seems to regard the cases, not as individuals, but as part of a broad pattern. Apparently he feels you must solve the entire problem. In a letter to Condon he states: "Project Blue Book has limited itself, largely because of lack of funds and staff, to keeping files and dealing with cases solely on an individual basis. It is clear that each case, taken by itself, like a lone duck in a shooting gallery can nearly always be shot down by an ad hoc, frequently Menzelian approach."

I don't mind his reference to me in this fashion. In fact I consider it something of a compliment. But it shows his bias. I think each case has to be solved independently and on its own merits. For there are hundreds of different kinds of stimuli, usually completely unrelated. To me it sounds complete nonsense to say that you can solve individual cases, but you cannot solve them if you take them in a group. But why should my individual solutions be wrong, simply because they may not correspond to data in another, independent sighting. Frankly, I feel much of our present ignorance, of UFO's must be laid at Hynek's door step, with his unimaginative approach to the subject. He, also, must take the blame for the fact that the Air Force questioning is so bad.

With thanks and best wishes, I am
                                Carefully yours,
                                Donald H. Menzel

DHM:md


- page 10 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla                -3-                   October 28, 1968

I would also concur with the identification of the Eielson sighting of 11 July 1968 as the moon.

I had some interesting discussions with M. Minnaert, the Dutch Astronomer, who was the chief individual working with me in naming craters of the far side of the moon. He is the author of a delightful book, "The Nature of Light and Color in the Open Air." Are you familiar with it? If not, you certainly should be, because it discusses many phenomena of meteorological optics. There is an inexpensive Denver edition, if you desire to get one.

He told me that he had discovered a number of extremely reliable observations of multiple images of the sun or moon, which in terms of reduction go up to 3 1/2 degrees! There is no simple explanation for these phenomena, but he was quite sure that something peculiar in the way of meteorological optics is responsible.

Sometimes I get discouraged at the situation. I have worked pretty hard, as you know, to get some sense into this area. I know of no other scientist that has gone as deeply as I have into the matter, with the possible exception of Hynek. But something definitely has happened to him and I don't know what it is. He now seems to regard the cases, not as individuals, but as part of a broad pattern. Apparently he feels you must solve the entire problem. In a letter to Condon he states: "Project Blue Book has limited itself, largely because of lack of funds and staff, to keeping files and dealing with cases solely on an individual basis. It is clear that each case, taken by itself, like a lone duck in a shooting gallery can nearly always be shot down by an ad hoc, frequently Menzelian approach."

I don't mind his reference to me in this fashion. In fact I consider it something of a compliment. But it shows his bias. I think each case has to be solved independently and on its own merits. For there are numbers of different kinds of stimuli, usually completely unrelated. To me it sounds complete nonsense to say that you can solve individual cases, but you cannot solve them if you take them in a group. But why should my individual solutions be wrong, simply because they may not correspond to data in another, independent sighting. Frankly, I feel much of the present ignorance of UFO's must be laid at Hynek's door step, with his unimaginative approach to the subject. He, also, must take the blame for the fact that the Air Force questionnaire is so bad.

With thanks and best wishes, I am Cordially yours,
Donald H. Menzel

DHM:md


- page 11 -

Here is the text from the document:

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
DEPARTMENT OF ASTRONOMY                                                LINDHEIMER ASTRONOMICAL RESEARCH CENTER

11 November 1968

FTD (TDSTR)
Research and Aerial Phenomena Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Attn: TDPT (UFO)

Subj: Project Card - UFO sighting, 15 August 1968, Yellow Springs, Ohio

To: Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla, Jr.

1. Enclosed is the record card for the case referenced above.

2. Unfortunately, my plans for a trip to Cincinnati fell through and so I did not have an opportunity to talk further with Mr. and Mrs. How- ever, I expect that either on a future trip to Dayton, or independently, I will have occasion to be in Cincinnati in the next month or two at which time I would like very much to interview them. I am not satisfied with the lack of details in their report; despite Mr. technical training he was extremely vague in his description and if this witness persists after my personal interview, I would like to change the evaluation from "unidentified" to "unreliable report", but at the moment I do not have sufficient cause to do this.

[Signature]
J. Allen Hynek, Director
LINDHEIMER ASTRONOMICAL RESEARCH CENTER
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILL. 60201

JAH:lp
encl:1


- page 12 -

UFPT (UTO)    Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/bez/26 Sep 68
UFO Sighting of 15 August 1968, Yellow Springs, Ohio

Dr J Allan Hynek
Dearborn Observatory
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

1. Please forward a complete transcript of your conversation with the _______ regarding their UFO sighting by no later than 15 October 1968.

2. Did you make any effort to clarify the discrepancy of the time of the sighting? (One said 11:40 pm and one said 12:30 am).

3. Also include values for the azimuth and angular elevation of the moon at half-hour intervals from 11:30 pm, August 1968 to 1:00 am, 15 August 1968.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate


- page 13 -

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
DEPARTMENT OF ASTRONOMY                                     LINDHEIMER ASTRONOMICAL RESEARCH CENTER

21 October 1968

FTD (TDETR)
Research and Aerial Phenomena Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Attn:    TDPT (UFO)
Subj:    Sighting of August 15, 1968, Yellow Springs, Ohio.
To:      Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla, Jr.

1.    Enclosed is the complete transcript and a summary of my taped interview with the Fogg family, witnesses in the above referenced sighting, as requested by you in your letter of 26 September 1968.

[Signature]
J. ALLEN HYNEK, Director
Lindheimer Astronomical Research Center
Northwestern University
Evanston, Ill. 60201

JAH:lp


- page 14 -

September 22, 1968

For the Record: Summary of the Case of August 15, 1968,
Yellow Springs, Ohio.

I have just finished talking with [redacted] and Mr. and Mrs. [redacted] of Yellow Springs. It took nearly an hour to get the details, and it is all on tape and has been transcribed, but a synopsis of the case follows:

[redacted] was coming home from Xenia, Ohio, driving a convertible with the top down, when she says she became aware of a bright light directly overhead. I quizzed her on this at length, but couldn't shake her story that it was overhead -- seemingly close, but she said she didn't know how high it was since she didn't know how big it was -- so give her a credit point or two for knowing that. The central part of the object seemed to be stationary, but the outer edges seemed to be spinning. She was some three miles from home but covered the distance in just a few minutes. She was frightened, and her mother-in-law said she came in very frightened, calling to the others to come out and look. Two did, and their first impression was that it was the moon, except at a considerable elevation. [redacted] who is a student at Cincinnati University and a coop student at the Field in propulsion systems, etc., was reading a book at the time upstairs and didn't come down at once, until he realized that they were all staying outside. He then went out but saw nothing, more even the moon. He stayed outside for ten minutes and the glow came back, and moved around, but not much, although he gauged its motion against the branches of a tree. The object or glow was now not overhead but about 30 or so degrees above the eastern horizon. It was, he said, like a full moon shining through a mist, and definitely not the moon, although he did not see the moon itself.

There is disagreement on the time, but they should have seen the moon unless there was a bank of clouds in the eastern sky, which happens more frequently than not -- it is rare that one can see down to where the sky meets the land. But unless we discount the testimony of all four, and would put it into the "plasma" category if I absolutely had to.

There also was disagreement on the sound, but they agreed on the odor, which was strong for about twenty minutes thereafter. One said that he was not conscious of any sound.

On the basis of the evidence given, particularly as to the angular elevation in the sky, the eastward motion when it did move away, and the misty appearance of the "object", I would suggest either insufficient information for a definitive evaluation, or "unidentified". To identify it as the moon is stretching the given evidence, and by all normal rules of the weighing of evidence, such identification is not warranted. The fact that not one of the four saw the rising quarter moon at the time but did see stars, causing me to think that the eastern horizon may have been obscured. It seems unlikely to me that all four, particularly the engineering student, would not have recognized the moon over a period of at least five minutes.


- page 15 -

Transcript of:
UFO Sighting of 15 August 1968, Yellow Springs, Ohio. (Fogg)

Hynek: In one of my recent visits to Wright-Patterson AFB, I came across your sighting of August 15, 1968, and I am quite interested in it, and would like to ask a few questions about the general circumstances that were not covered in the report. How many of you were there actually at the time of the sighting?

[Redacted]: It sort of varied. My wife was first and then she came in the house and I guess she probably got a glimpse of the object and then my parents went outside, and then I came downstairs a little later. So there were actually four people that saw it at the time.

Hynek: I've found from past experience that, and I've been making observations for a good many years, that the best way to do this is to just ask you to sort of reenact the crime, so to speak. Could we all take a deep breath and start in from the beginning. There are a few things I didn't have straight in the report. First of all what sort of a night was it?

Mrs. [Redacted]: It was dark. There was no moon, but it was clear.

Hynek: You could see the stars?

Mrs. [Redacted]: You could see the stars but no moon. You could mistake the object for the moon except that the moon doesn't do that kind of performance.

Hynek: What sort of performance did it do? Another thing, there was some inconsistency in the time. One person says 11:45 to 11:50, and another person said 12:30 to 1:00 AM.

Mrs. [Redacted]: The one that I have down on mine I know is definitely correct. I looked at the clock when I came in.

Hynek: What was the time on yours?

Mrs. [Redacted]: I'll have to look at the report. I filled it out two days after I saw it and I still remembered the time then. I believe it might have been around 12:30 - 1:00, but whatever I had down on paper is correct.

Hynek: You are [Redacted] (Yes) I think you had 12:30. The reason I ask is that I have computed quite accurately the time of moonrise. The moon was at last quarter in the Dayton area. Now that means that by 12:30 you would definitely have been visible slightly to the north of east and that by 12:30 you should have seen the moon and this other object.

And this is the primary reason why Wright Field tends to feel that perhaps what you folks say was the moon, but what I find difficult to figure out is how it could have had the motion that you describe.

Ardener: Well, first of all about the moon - I really can't remember if there was a moon or not. I believe there wasn't, but I know there is more to it than


- page 16 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

what I put down on the thing because I wasn't really quite sure if anyone would
believe it would actually happen. I just put down what my in-laws saw........
because when I told the sheriff all this he thought I was some sort of a nut. I
saw this movement over my motor car.

Hynek: Let's forget the moon for the moment and think more in terms of the
actual actions. Where were you at the time, and were you coming home from
someplace or what?

[Redacted name]: I was coming home from Xenia and I was on ______Road.

Hynek: And were you alone in the car?

[Redacted name]: Yes. I definitely spotted it somewhat over my car but I really was
not aware that it seemed to be following the car. I was more aware of what it
was and I sort of stepped on it because I was frightened out there by myself.
I noticed it seemed to follow the car so I jumped out of the car and I ran about
12 feet up ahead. It seemed stationary. I thought this can't be because if
it's that far above why is it just following my lights.

Hynek: When you say up above, where was it in the sky?

[Redacted name]: It seemed like it could have been maybe 300 feet above my car, but I
don't know. The angle - straight above and it looked like a solid disc and it
had a movement.

Hynek: You say straight above. You mean part way or really straight above?

[Redacted name]: Just about directly above. And it seemed to be following the lights.
Because when I turned out the lights and I went ahead it still was stationary
where it was. When I turned the lights back on, it started moving along with
the car. I left the car with the lights on so it remained there and then I
came in to get my in-laws, and then it seemed to all of a sudden get smaller,
so that means it must have gone straight up because you didn't hear the noise
anymore. Then it went over to the back of the farm and .... saw it there and
it left a small and it had somewhat of a noise to it. Mr. [redacted] said the smell
was like that of the German planes of World War II.

Hynek: I'd like to get more of the description of the actual object, and let
me put it this way. If you had some magic way of putting something up in the
sky, what familiar object that would resemble this would you choose to put up
there that would most closely resemble what you saw?

[Redacted name]: Well, I would say most likely when it's directly overhead, a plate - a
plate that was moving very rapidly because this had that sort of a spinning
effect. It was very plain but it seemed to have that spinning effect with a
glow around it.


- page 17 -

Here is the text from the document:

Hynek: When you say it was spinning, what movement? Do you mean it was spinning or was it moving?

[Redacted text]: Have you seen these little toys that grate - this was the type of spinning, once it seemed to have banked and it looked like a quarter shape of pie with the center being on top. It looked like a top, in a way, but it still had the funny vision of gyration and it was able to stay in one spot or shoot up directly, quickly; or back and forth.

Hynek: Did it ever pass between you and something?

[Redacted text]: No.

Hynek: Did it ever pass in back of something?

[Redacted text]: Yes - no, not really. I was the one that was moving at the time. I moved on the way past the tree and that was the only time.

Hynek: I'd like to ask you to do this. With your hand point as though you are pointing your finger at somebody with your arm outstretched, when you first saw it, how high would you have to have raised your arm to have pointed to it?

[Redacted text]: All the way up because it was straight up.

Hynek: You mean when you first saw it, it was straight up?

[Redacted text]: When I first saw it, it was straight up and then after that - I don't call this written out because first of all I didn't know how serious you people were about it - the first time I saw it, it seemed to me it was following my lights. It was directly overhead and then later on it was sort of like you might say a 40° angle, maybe.

Hynek: How did it disappear?

[Redacted text]: To me it just seemed to have gotten smaller.

Hynek: This whole thing lasted about how long?

[Redacted text]: I would say half hour, off and on.

Hynek: Now of course I can understand why you wouldn't be looking for the moon at this time, being frightened by this you would not care whether the moon was up or not. But do you recollect what sort of a horizon do you have there in the east, where you were coming back from Xenia - trees or hills?

[Redacted text]: It was very dark that night because you just couldn't miss it.

Hynek: But I mean in the daytime how does the east look? Does it look ----

[Redacted text]: I would say lighter and the sky above, of course, is like everywhere else.

Hynek: What I'm trying to get at is how much of a horizon - can you see clear


- page 18 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

to where the land meets the sky, or are there trees in the way?
There are some trees.

Hynek: Now what color was the object?

I would say a white and gold and yellow. Those are the colors it had during that time.

Hynek: And now how bright - can you compare the brightness with something?

It was maybe the brightness of a mercury vapor.

Hynek: How far away - a mercury vapor a block away or two or three blocks away?

I would say maybe two blocks away, maybe more. This was when it was white. When it was yellow and gold it was more of a softer...it wasn't very bright - enough so that you could tell, but when it seemed to go into a quarter piece it seemed very bright and more of a white light.

Hynek: Did it have any effect on your car in anyway?

No, not that I noticed.

Hynek: Did you have your radio on at the time?

I don't believe I did.

Hynek: What did it appear to be doing? You say following your car, but what gave you the idea that it was following your car and not something else?

First thing I noticed - the road all of a sudden looked so light and everything else was somewhat dark and I wondered what it was. I happened to glance up. I don't know where it came from, when it started, it just was there and the reason I thought it was following me is because when I would leave the car and I got out and I started running toward the house it seemed to be moving along with me although it seemed so far up it would definitely always be above me.

Hynek: You were in a car that had a top on it, I expect.

It was a convertible and the top was down.

Hynek: What model car is it, by the way?

It's a '67 Sunbeam Alpine.

Hynek: So that you were driving with the top down?


- page 19 -

Here is the text from the document:

It could have come from behind, I don't know. I just can't remember. All of a sudden it was there.

Hynek: Coming from Xenia, you were traveling what direction?

[Redacted]: I was traveling north on . . . . Road.

Hynek: You were traveling north and you think the thing came up from behind?

[Redacted]: It's the only logical explanation I have because I didn't notice it until all of a sudden.

Hynek: What were your feelings at the time?

[Redacted]: Well, as a girl all by myself, I was somewhat scared because first of all I never quite believed in UFOs, not really, and I don't drink or take drugs or anything, so I knew it had to be the real thing. All I wanted to do is get to some population as quickly as possible.

Hynek: So you never stopped the car. You just kept on going.

[Redacted]: I stopped the car periodically because I got the idea that this was following my lights, so I got out of the car and I started running toward the farm, and I noticed it was stationary.

Hynek: At that time, how high up do you think it was?

[Redacted]: Well, it depends on how large the object is. I'm just guessing - I don't even know - maybe 300, maybe a little.

Hynek: I should have asked really how apparently large was it. That is if you had held an aspiring tablet at arm's length, it would just cover the moon. Now if you had taken a dime, say, hold it out and estimate how much of the object it would have covered.

[Redacted]: Okay, at arm's length, at the time it was directly over, maybe 1/50 of it. At the time she felt it was closest. When it shot off into the distance, I would say, it would cover about, maybe 1/4 to 1/2.

Hynek: How much of the sky did it seem to block out? You know how large the full moon looks in the sky.

[Redacted]: Definitely at the first sighting of it it was larger than that. I do want to say that when it was overhead it did seem to have a fog or a mist or something around it, the center part being stationary and the outer part having a gyration effect.

Hynek: Were there any other cars on the road?

[Redacted]: None. I was the only one that I could see.

Hynek: You were about how far from home at the time?


- page 20 -

Here is the text from the document:

i would say maybe about three miles.

Hynek: Were there other houses and things like that around?

No.

Hynek: Now let me ask you to describe your actions as you stated - you said at one time you got out and ran to a farmhouse, and then what happened.

First of all, I remained calm. I knew exactly what was going on, but I could tell, it seemed to me, that it was following the lights. And I really didn't know what to do, so I left the car with the lights on and started heading on up (to her house) and then it remained stationary. A wild thought came into my mind, so I went back and got the car and I started heading toward the house again and it seemed to be moving, always being overhead so this is how I got the idea it was moving along. And I left the car where it was down the road and ran into the house to get other people; and all of a sudden it got smaller directly overhead and very quickly shot out to the horizon.

Hynek: In which direction to the horizon?

East.

Hynek: Now at that time you should have seen the moon there because the moon was there in the east. How long after it first happened was it until you talked to somebody?

Immediately. Because as I was coming into the house - they were seeing it move over that way and it was something that went off again and on periodically.

Hynek: Who was the first one to see it after you?

Mr. My father-in-law,

Hynek: What are the relationships there?

Harold, the husband and __, husband's father.

Hynek: When you first came in - please try to describe when you got to the house, what did you do. Did you hang on the door, or did you walk in?

I just walked on in. I said would you come out here for a minute, there's a flying saucer. They ran out and didn't seem astonished. They said that's the moon - don't worry - and then I was satisfied. Then we watched it come more and you could truly tell that it was not the moon and you could truly tell it was definitely a saucer.

Hynek: When you then came out was it still overhead?


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

It was heading out that way when I came out and they just say, glancing at it, that it could have been the moon, but it definitely kept on its movement.

Hynek: How low to the horizon did it get when Mr. ______?

I think it was still pretty high up. It was not down, it was over that 12 feet above the trees - let's say we're looking at the trees - it was at least all the time. But then it was moving to the left and to the right and going up and down.

Hynek: When that sort of motion went on, - if you had a ruler in front of you held out at arm's length can you describe the number of inches it would have moved right or left or up and down.

It would move almost a foot. And then it went up and then it seemed to disappear for a while. My husband came out and it came back again, and it moved, not as far this time, and it got smaller. It definitely, truly was not the moon. Movement such as this, and changing shapes and colors that rapidly definitely was not the moon.

Hynek: Let me get the shape of it. You said it looked like a cut of a pie?

Yes, a quarter piece of pie at one instance. It looked like a round saucer, maybe the bottom part of it, and then it seemed to take a dip or turn and all of a sudden it looked like a quarter piece of pie.

Hynek: I don't remember whether in your report you drew a picture of it.

I drew a picture.

Hynek: Now that you know, as you put it, that someone is taking it seriously, I'm wondering whether you would be kind enough to redraw that from memory and give me a few more notions of directions?

With paper and pencil, toward the middle, toward the top you put a dot. Now just draw a quarter piece of pie with that being the center cut down, and then you just make it rounder. From one point to the other, except this is a large hunk of pie, with that being the top and a very bright light, white light at that shape. Then it looked like this it was a yellow-gold.

Hynek: How long did it take you to get home from the time you first saw it?

I wouldn't say any more than a few minutes.

Hynek: How long altogether did the other people see it?

All of them saw it the same amount of time. I saw it just a few minutes more traveling time.


- page 22 -

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
60 GARDEN STREET
CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS 02138

CABLE ADDRESS "OBSERVATORY"                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                


- page 23 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Hynek: Do you think there is any possibility that what you saw and what the others saw was different?

[Redacted]: That is a possibility, but I doubt it because it seemed to have still the same type of motion to it. It truly did, although it wasn't in the same spot as it was when I came into the house and we went outside, but it seemed to have the same sort of personality about it.

Hynek: I was wondering about when Mr. Fogg came out and said "Oh, that's the moon"?

[Redacted]: At first glance they were laughing, but then they watched it for a couple more seconds and then said, "Hey, it's moving". As you watched it more, it proved itself it was definitely not the moon. But at first glance you see a light in the sky and when you see it like that it looked like the moon, but then when you see it actually moving, any changing color the way it did, and the smell which it left, you could definitely tell it was not the moon.

Hynek: The calculation shows that the moon came up at 11:36 and an hour from then it would have been about 10 to 15° above the horizon, and almost directly in the east, and it would have looked like half a pie, not like a quarter of a pie.

[Redacted]: I'd feel better myself if it had been the moon, but to be truthful I point F not mainly because my eyes were just looking directly at that with-out glancing away.

Hynek: Well, certainly, I would say that the first part of your sighting couldn't possibly have been the moon.

[Redacted]: That definitely was not, but then what my in-laws and I saw I'm pretty sure was definitely the real thing because I would not have been attracted to something like a moon in the sky because I keep my eyes on the road. But something that I did see did attract me and it frightened me although I remained calm, and it was exactly as I told you, and what my parents saw was definitely not the moon. It was a movement. And I'm pretty sure it was the same thing because it had the same sort of movement. Like when I was coming into the house, it seemed to sort of jerk up, but it had the same sort of personality and movement, although it was not in the exact spot as before I came in the house. I'd be willing to get together with you.

Hynek: I'll be in Dayton again. I get there about once every month and a half.

[Redacted]: In Yellow Springs. I'm getting ready to go back down to the campus in next week.

Hynek: There is a possibility that I will be in Cincinnati on Oct. 9. May I have your address?

[Redacted]: It's [redacted] Cincinnati.


- page 24 -

Here is the text from the document:

Hynek: When I get to Cincinnati I will look you up because I would like to get a little more information on this. Also, I mean to be utterly blunt about it. I want to see what sort of person you are. I mean just how excitable you are.

[Redacted text]: I definitely keep my cool. You never get the full facts over the phone and something like this is interesting, but it is very truthful. I've always somewhat believed in it, although until you really see it there is always something of a doubt. It's only logical that there are such things.

Hynek: And now before we get off the line here, the first person you spoke to was Mr. and Mr. I'd like to talk now briefly with someone who came out after you called them, and I'd like to get their reactions. I want to clear up the discrepancy in the time.

[Redacted text]: I remember looking at the clock and I remember it lasted about a half hour. I saw it longer than the others did because I was on the road.

Hynek: The others all seem to say it was before midnight - you had it after midnight. (To Kingsley Foggy) Now would you be kind enough to just describe what you saw from the time that Ardene came in and called you outside.

[Redacted text]: It just looked to me like an ordinary moon in the beginning. Then I looked at it and it was in one spot - then pretty soon it kind of hovered and then gradually moved on toward the east. That would be backward travel of an ordinary moon to start with.

Hynek: It certainly would be. Now where was it in the sky when you first saw it?

[Redacted text]: I would say it was kind of in a southeast situation.

Hynek: At what angular elevation up - that is, how high would you have to point?

[Redacted text]: I couldn't say how high, because you wouldn't know how big the object was.

Hynek: I don't mean how high it was in feet, but I mean how far did you have to lift your eyes up in degrees.

[Redacted text]: About 45° at the most.

Hynek: I'm rather surprised that the moon wasn't seen also, because it rose at 11:36 that night, however, they may have been clouds around the eastern horizon.

[Redacted text]: Didn't see the moon at all, not even after this thing disappeared.


- page 25 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

10

Hynek: That must mean that either it had clouded up or that this occurred earlier than you thought. If it occurred before midnight then you probably wouldn't have seen the moon because it takes a little time to rise. If you had to put up something up in the sky by magic, so to speak, what thing would you choose to put up there that would most closely resemble it?

[Redacted]: I don't know.

Hynek: Something like a Christmas tree ornament or a flashlight bulb - just something common - what would you put up there that would most closely resemble the color and the shape and all that?

[Redacted]: Well, the shape just looked like a flat light, just like the moon would look, but it was sort of a reddish orange.

Hynek: Well now, if you're familiar with angular measure and arc, how many degrees did it move from the time that you first saw it 'till the time that it disappeared, 10, 20°?

[Redacted]: Let's see, I would say it would swing pretty close to 20°.

Hynek: What are the possibilities that the thing could have been a helicopter or something like that with a bright light on it?

[Redacted]: No, because if you could see anything like that, you could have heard some engine noise.

Hynek: Well, there were noises, but it sounded like - in the report it was described as sort of a groaning sound.

[Redacted]: Well, that was one that we had seen back about 11 years ago.

Hynek: Describe the noise, the sound, of this one.

[Redacted]: I didn't hear too much of a noise.

[Redacted]: Ardene heard the noise when it was over her and close to her.

[Redacted]: I didn't hear too much of a noise on this one.

[Redacted]: We smelled a funny odor.

Hynek: For about how long?

[Redacted]: I would saw about 20 minutes after the thing disappeared.

[Redacted]: It got lighter as it would disappear and come back.

Hynek: When it disappeared and came back, how did you judge that - did it simply get brighter and change or simply move across the sky?


- page 26 -

Here is the text from the document:

It really actually appeared to move.

Hynek: Appeared to move crossway?

It had a movement that no moon ever had. This was what attracted us and made us watch it.

Hynek: Well, the moon was never very high at that time, certainly, quite low in the sky near the horizon and if you saw this at 45° up, well then obviously couldn't have been the moon.

It just didn't have any of the characteristics of the moon after you really studied it. But at first glance - I got there just as my husband turned to me and said "well, that's just the moon" and we started to laugh and Ardene said "well, the moon never acted like that". Then we watched it and it was doing this movement.

Hynek: Can you recall some of the conversation you had during the time you were actually watching it? What did you say to each other?

That's kind of hard to remember.

Hynek: Is Mr. Harold Fogg there - is he the one that works at Wright Field (so - Could I talk with him - what is your feeling about this whole thing (to Harold Fogg)?

I don't believe what I saw and then what was explained to me by the other people. I really don't believe that there is a system of any sort that can operate, at least that I know of, with this kind of capacity. What else is there to say?

I just wanted to get your viewpoint on this since you're - what is your major, so to speak?

I'm majoring in aerospace engineering, and it's a field I've worked in analysis structures - which does some design work on existing systems and I've worked in propulsion and I've worked in advanced design.

Hynek: How would you then, in more technical terms, describe the kinematics of this object?

Couldn't describe it, which was very vague compared to everyone else, I really couldn't describe it, only from their terminology.

Hynek: You mean by the time you got out there, it was mostly gone?


- page 27 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

12

Well, what happened - I was upstairs reading a book and then I heard the car come down the lane and I heard my wife come in and say something to everybody and everyone was talking and I guess they went outside. I stayed up there and was reading a while longer and I noticed that no one had come back in, so I went out and the light had gone. Everyone told me what they had seen, and so I waited around a little longer - they said "it went that-a-way", so I stayed looking at that particular direction and then later on - I'd say maybe 8 or 10 minutes after standing there - a light started to come back. And then it sort of grew - like closer in intensity. Before it was sort of an odd shape and it sort of took the shape of an oval or sphere. It just sort of stayed there for a while, with a little side motion and then . . . .

Hynek: Compared to a very bright star, how would you compare it?

I wouldn't compare it to a star. It was much bigger than a star. It would look to me, after it had grown to its size, a pale full moon on a very misty, foggy night. Sort of a halo type effect around it.

Hynek: Sort of like a coronal discharge?

The whole object seemed to have what I thought - I guess everyone else got a much closer look than I did, but I couldn't say if I had a ring around it. It was just sort of like looking at the moon on a very foggy night. But there was no fog that night. It was hazy. The night wasn't hazy, the object was hazy.

Hynek: I'm still puzzled by the fact that since the American Nautical Almanac doesn't lie, and I'm an astronomer so I do know how to figure out the time of noon rise, the moon did rise that at 11:30 Eastern Daylight time, and what bothers me is that nobody saw it. It would have been low in the east and only a quarter moon and it's a little surprising that no one saw it at all. Of course, there may have been, so often there are, low clouds toward the eastern horizon which might have obscured it.

I debated about it being the moon, but it didn't seem to have, from where I was looking - there were a few scattered clouds. It wasn't like a heavy overcast or anything, just a few narrow, band type clouds. But I didn't notice very many. Now the object that I noticed, if it was the moon, you would expect to see a lot more cloud overcast. It didn't seem to have any particular cloud type cover motion when the glow sort of came through and then went back. It looked as if it was approaching and its intensity grew brighter rather than a blanket sort of moving.

Hynek: Now its motion - were they quite uniform? Did it accelerate or decelerate or what - or were these continuous motions?

It seemed to me to be spasmodic. I started to see a glow in this general direction and then it seemed to get bigger and more intense and then it started to take a shape rather than just sort of a part of a corner of some sphere, out to a round shape, a circular shape and then it sort of seemed to stop and hold this particular size. Now using a fence post and another sort of . . . on the ground, it seemed to move, just very slightly, very slowly to one side, and back again to


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

its general position. And then it sort of stayed there a while and then took just
about the opposite motion - it lost its intensity and sort of went back to the
same shape that it had before, sort of a blob and then it was gone. I didn't see
any more light back there and I stayed for maybe another 10 minutes.

Hynek: That is certainly very interesting. It's not unique. There have been
other cases like it. There have been many, many cases reported of bright lights
appearing almost directly over a car. So your wife doesn't need to feel that she
is - she can get some comfort out of the fact that other people have reported very
much the same thing. Well, I think I'll wait until I see you folks in Cincinnati
to get any further. In the meantime I'll report to Wright Field that as far as I
can see it was not the moon. If Ardene says it was directly overhead, and I imagine
that it's rather embarrassing for me to ask you whether she is reliable in reports
like that, but I will ask it anyway. As her husband, what do you think about it?

Lucy: Then she came in the door, she looked like was scared to death. She
said "Oh, there's something following me." She just looked like she was frightened.
I'm sure she's seen something. We feel sure it wasn't the moon because we've had
an experience that we never reported before, but if my husband hadn't gotten me
awake to look at it too, I never would have believed him.

Hynek: How did you come to report this?

We didn't until this thin happened, and there were similarities except
that this time it was in the opposite direction. We mentioned on the report that
we gave that there were certain things that were similar to what we had seen before.

Hynek: What I mean to ask is how did you happen to make the report this time?

We were asked to.

Hynek: By whom?

The names and addresses on the form, they requested who else had seen
sightings.

Hynek: What I should have asked is - how did the Air Force get it in the first
place?

She reported it to the police and they didn't believe her and so she felt
as though she should do something so we contacted M-P and they sent her a form.

Hynek: Yes, I've seen that report.

I have a copy of my letter here - it was written the 27th of August -
and it's signed by Lt. Colonel Hector Q. I was real surprised when the form came.
In fact, I didn't fill them out right away because we were busy doing some other
things. Finally, I thought I'd better get busy.


- page 29 -

Here is the text from the document:

Hynek: We're always interested in cases which have several witnesses and people are quite clearly and obviously respectable citizens. So I just with that Ardene had had someone with her in the car. Alright then for now, and I hope that if I do get to Cincinnati I'll see Harold and Ardene there and talk more with them.

[Redacted line]

The phone number in Cincinnati is [redacted]

Hynek: I thank you very much for being so cooperative and I can tell you more about what our investigations are like and what other reports we've had when I see you. If any of you have any afterthoughts or any bits of information that you think might be helpful, I can be reached very easily at Department of Astronomy, Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois 60201, phone AC 312/492-7651.


- page 30 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201

Sept. 22, 1968

FOR THE RECORD: THE [REDACTED] CASE OF AUG. 15, 1968

I have just finished talking with [REDACTED] and Mr. and Mrs. [REDACTED], all of Yellow Springs. It took nearly an hour to get the details, and I have it all on tape, but a synopsis of the case is simply this:

[REDACTED] was coming home from 8 Xenia, Ohio, driving a convertible with the top down, when she says she became aware of a bright light directly overhead. I quizzed her on this at length but couldn't shake her story that it was overhead--seemingly close, but she said she didn't know how high it was since she didn't know how far it was-so give her a credit point or two for knowing that. The central part of the object seemed to be stationary, but the outer edges seemed to be spinning. She was some three miles from home but covered the distance in just a few minutes. She was frightened, and her mother-in-law said she came in very frightened, calling to the others to come out and look.

Two did, and their first impression was that it was the moon, except at a considerable elevation. [REDACTED] who is a student at Cincinnati U. and a coop student at the [REDACTED] in propulsion systems etc., was reading a book at the time, stairs and didn't come down at once, until he realized that they were all staying outside, ie then went out but saw nothing, not even the moon. He stayed outside for ten minutes and the glow came back, and moved around, but not much, although he argued its location against the branches of a tree. The object or glow was now not overhead, but about 30 or so degrees above the eastern horizon. It was, he said, like a full moon shining through a mist, and definitely not the moon, as said, although he did not see the moon itself.

There is disagreement on the time, but they should have seen the moon unless there was a bank of clouds in the eastern sky, which happens more frequently than not--it is rare that one can see down to where the sky meets the land. But unless we discount the testimony of all four, and especially of the young woman, it was not the moon they saw. Rather I would put it into the "plasma" category if I absolutely had to.

There also was disagreement on the sound, but they agreed on the odor, which was strong for about twenty minutes. One said that he was not conscious of any sound.

On the basis of the evidence given, particularly as to the angular elevation in the sky, the eastward motion when it did move away, and the fact that the "object", I would suggest either insufficient data into, for a definitive evaluation, or "unidentified". To identify it as the moon, is stretching the given evidence, and by all normal rules of the weighing of evidence, such identification is not warranted. The fact that not one of the four saw the rising quarter moon at the time, but did see stars, inclines me to think that the eastern horizon may have been obscured. It seems unlikely to me that all four, particularly the engineering student, would have not recognized the moon over a period of at least five minutes.

Signed, [REDACTED]


- page 31 -

SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA QUESTIONNAIRE

THIS QUESTIONNAIRE HAS BEEN PREPARED SO THAT YOU CAN GIVE THE U.S. AIR FORCE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE CONCERNING THE UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA THAT YOU HAVE OBSERVED. PLEASE TRY TO ANSWER ALL OF THE QUESTIONS. THE INFORMATION YOU GIVE WILL BE USED FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES.

1. WHEN DID YOU SEE THE PHENOMENON?
DAY ____ MONTH AUGUST YEAR 1968

2. WHAT TIME DID YOU FIRST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR 11 MINUTES 45 □A.M. ■P.M.

3. WHAT TIME DID YOU LAST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR 11 MINUTES 50 □A.M. ■P.M.

4. TIME ZONE: ■EASTERN □CENTRAL □MOUNTAIN □PACIFIC □STANDARD □OTHER

5. WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? (Partially obscured by black redaction)

The rest of the text in the handwritten section is mostly illegible due to black redaction marks.

The bottom of the form includes a diagram showing an observer's perspective with angle measurements from 0 to 90 degrees.

At the bottom of the form is "AF FORM 117" and "AUG 67"


- page 32 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 60-17(C1)

6A. NOW IMAGINE YOU ARE AT THE CENTER OF THE COMPASS ROSE. PLACE AN "A" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN. PLACE A "B" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN.

7. IN THE SKETCH BELOW, PLACE AN "A" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN, AND A "B" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN. CONNECT THE "A" AND "B" WITH A LINE SCHEMATICALLY SHOWING THE MOVEMENT OF THE PHENOMENON BETWEEN "A" AND "B". THAT IS, SCHEMATICALLY SHOW WHETHER THE MOVEMENT APPEARED TO BE STRAIGHT, CURVED OR ZIG-ZAG. REFER TO SMALLER SKETCH AS AN EXAMPLE OF HOW TO COMPLETE THE LARGER SKETCH.

PAGE 2 OF 9 PAGES


- page 33 -

Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla                -2-                   November 12, 1968

Mr. Massa, of the Columbus dispatch has called me a couple of times in the last few days. He is writing a story based on my paper published in the Roush Hearings. So, perhaps it will have done some good after all, since the reporter seems to be very sensible.

I understand that it was to have appeared in the Columbus Dispatch, Sunday, November 10.

Sincerely yours,

Donald H. Menzel

D:H:md
Enclosure


- page 34 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? (Check appropriate block.)

[X] OUTDOORS
IN BUILDING
IN CAR
IN BOAT
IN AIRPLANE
OTHER

[X] IN BUSINESS SECTION OF CITY
IN RESIDENTIAL SECTION OF CITY
IN OPEN COUNTRYSIDE
NEAR AIRFIELD
FLYING OVER CITY
FLYING OVER OPEN COUNTRY
OTHER

IF YOU WERE IN A VEHICLE, COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:
WHAT DIRECTION WERE YOU MOVING?
NORTH: [blank]
EAST
SOUTH
WEST
NORTHEAST
SOUTHEAST
NORTHWEST
SOUTHWEST

HOW FAST WERE YOU MOVING?
DID YOU STOP ANY TIME WHILE OBSERVING THE PHENOMENON?
YES [ ]   NO [X]

EXPLAIN WHETHER SUCH MOVEMENT AFFECTS YOUR SKETCHES IN ITEMS 5 AND 6.

DESCRIBE TYPE OF VEHICLE YOU WERE IN AND TYPE OF ROAD, TERRAIN OR BODY OF WATER YOU TRAVERSED DURING THE SIGHTING. STATE WHETHER WINDOWS OR CONVERTIBLE TOP WERE UP OR DOWN.

HOW MUCH OTHER TRAFFIC WAS THERE?

DID YOU NOTICE ANY AIRPLANES? [ ] YES [X] NO. IF YES, DESCRIBE WHEN THEY WERE IN SIGHT RELATIVE TO THE TIME OF SIGHTING THE PHENOMENON AND WHERE THEY WERE IN THE SKY RELATIVE TO THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON.

LENGTH OF TIME: 15 minutes
HOW WAS TIME DETERMINED: by clock

CERTAIN OF TIME [X]   FAIRLY CERTAIN [ ]   NOT VERY SURE [ ]   JUST A GUESS [ ]

WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT CONTINUOUSLY? [ ] YES [ ] NO. IF NO, INDICATE WHETHER THIS IS DUE TO YOUR MOVEMENT OR THE BEHAVIOR OF THE PHENOMENON, AND DESCRIBE SUCH MOVEMENT OR BEHAVIOR. INDICATE DISAPPEARANCE ON PREVIOUS SKETCHES.

PAGE 3 OF 9 PAGES


- page 35 -

AFR 60-17(C1)

10. [Question text is partially cut off]

11. CONDITIONS (Check appropriate blocks)

WEATHER:
- Day: Clear
- Twilight: Cumulus Clouds (Low flight)
- Night: Cirrus Clouds (High fleecy or Herring-bone)
- Partly Cloudy
- Completely Overcast: Cumulonimbus Clouds (Thunderstorm)
- Haze or Smog

FOG OR MIST:
- None of the above

12. [Handwritten text is mostly illegible, appears to be a description of the phenomenon]

PAGE 4 OF 9 PAGES


- page 36 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

[Checklist Section - Columns for "YES", "NO", "UNKNOWN"]
13. DID THE PHENOMENON:
- MOVE IN A STRAIGHT LINE? [Checkboxes marked]
- STAND STILL AT ANYTIME? [Checkboxes marked]
- SUDDENLY SPEED UP AND RUN AWAY? [Checkboxes marked]
- BREAK UP, SCATTER AND EXPLODE? [Checkboxes marked]
- CHANGE COLOR? [Checkboxes marked]
- GIVE OFF LIGHT? [Checkboxes marked]
- CHANGE BRIGHTNESS? [Checkboxes marked]
- CHANGE SHAPE? [Checkboxes marked]
- FLAG OR FLICKER? [Checkboxes marked]
- DISAPPEAR AND REAPPEAR? [Checkboxes marked]
- SPIN LIKE A TOP? [Checkboxes marked]
- MAKE A NOISE? [Checkboxes marked]
- FLUTTER OR WOBBLE? [Checkboxes marked]

14. WHAT DREW YOUR ATTENTION TO THE PHENOMENON? [Handwritten text, mostly illegible]

15. HOW DID IT FINALLY DISAPPEAR? [Partially illegible handwritten text]

8. DID THE PHENOMENON MOVE BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF SOMETHING, LIKE A CLOUD, TREE, OR BUILDING AT ANY TIME? [Blank section]

PAGE 5 OF 9 PAGES


- page 37 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

15. DRAW A PICTURE THAT WILL SHOW THE SHAPE OF THE PHENOMENON. INCLUDE AND LABEL ANY DETAILS THAT MIGHT HAVE APPEARED, AS WINGS OR PROTRUSIONS, AND INDICATE EXHAUST OR VAPOR TRAILS. INDICATE BY AN ARROW THE DIRECTION THE PHENOMENON WAS MOVING.

16. WHAT WAS THE ANGULAR SIZE? HOLD A MATCH AT ARM'S LENGTH IN FRONT OF A KNOWN OBJECT, SUCH AS A STREET LAMP OR A TREE. NOTE HOW MUCH OF THE OBJECT IS COVERED BY THE MATCH HEAD. NOW IF YOU HAD BEEN ABLE TO PERFORM THIS EXPERIMENT AT THE TIME OF THE SIGHTING, ESTIMATE WHAT FRACTION OF THE PHENOMENON WOULD HAVE BEEN COVERED BY THE MATCH HEAD.

PAGE 6 OF 9 PAGES


- page 38 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

17. DID YOU OBSERVE THE PHENOMENON THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING? INCLUDE INFORMATION ON MODEL:
TYPE, FILTER, LENS PRESCRIPTION OR OTHER APPLICABLE DATA:
[X] EYEGLASSES
SUNGLASSES
WINDSHIELD
SIDE WINDOW OF VEHICLE
NORMALLY WEAR GLASSES? [YES] [NO]

CAMERA VIEWER
BINOCULARS
TELESCOPE
THEODOLITE
OTHER: ______

18. DO YOU USE READING GLASSES? [YES] [NO]

19. WHAT IS YOUR IMPRESSION OF THE SPEED OF THE PHENOMENON?
GIVE ESTIMATE OF SPEED: ______

19. WHAT WAS YOUR IMPRESSION OF THE DISTANCE OF THE PHENOMENON? GIVE ESTIMATE OF DISTANCE: ______

20. IN ORDER THAT WE MAY OBTAIN AS CLEAR A PICTURE AS POSSIBLE OF WHAT YOU SAW, DESCRIBE IN YOUR OWN WORDS A COMMON OBJECT OR OBJECTS, WHICH, WHEN PLACED IN THE SKY, SIMILAR TO WHERE YOU NOTED THE PHENOMENON, WOULD SEEM SOMEWHAT SIMILAR TO WHAT YOU SAW. DESCRIBE SIMILARITIES AND DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE COMMON OBJECT AND WHAT YOU SAW:

[Handwritten text that is partially illegible, appears to describe something about the moon and its appearance]

21. DID YOU NOTICE ANY ODOR, NOISE, OR HEAT EMANATING FROM THE PHENOMENON OR ANY EFFECT ON YOURSELF, AN ANIMAL, OR MACHINERY IN THE VICINITY? [YES] [NO] IF YES, DESCRIBE:

[Handwritten text that is partially obscured/illegible]

22. DID THE PHENOMENON DISTURB THE GROUND OR LEAVE ANY PHYSICAL EVIDENCE? [YES] [NO]

PAGE 7 OF 9 PAGES


- page 39 -

AFR 80-17(C1)

2. HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THIS OR A SIMILAR PHENOMENON BEFORE? (Partially illegible)

3. WAS ANYONE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? YES NO. IF YES, DID THEY SEE IT TOO? (Partially illegible)

4. GIVE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF:
LAST NAME, FIRST (Redacted)
ADDRESS (Street, City, State and Zip Code) (Partially illegible)
AGE 51 MALE FEMALE
5. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDING OCCUPATION AND ANY EXPERIENCE WHICH MAY BE PERTINENT:

(A lengthy handwritten section which is partially illegible, but appears to describe some kind of sighting or experience from 1957)

25. WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SIGHTED THIS PHENOMENON? (Blank)

26. DATE YOU COMPLETED THIS QUESTIONNAIRE: 
DAY 16 MONTH Sept YEAR 1968

PAGE 8 OF 9 PAGES


- page 40 -

Here is the text from the document:

27. INFORMATION WHICH YOU FEEL IS PERTINENT BUT WHICH IS NOT ADEQUATELY COVERED IN THIS QUESTIONNAIRE. ALTERNATIVELY PROVIDE A NARRATIVE EXPLANATION OF THE SIGHTING.

APR 80-17(C1)

PAGE 9 OF 9 PAGES


- page 41 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSAC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDDT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 15 August 1968

TO: Yellow Springs, Ohio 45387

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object.

If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 15 August 1968, would you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope


- page 42 -

SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA QUESTIONNAIRE

AFR 80-17(CL)

THIS QUESTIONNAIRE HAS BEEN PREPARED SO THAT YOU CAN GIVE THE U.S. AIR FORCE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE CONCERNING THE UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENON THAT YOU HAVE OBSERVED. PLEASE TRY TO ANSWER ALL OF THE QUESTIONS. THE INFORMATION YOU GIVE WILL BE USED FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES. YOUR NAME WILL NOT BE USED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF YOUR STATEMENTS OR CONCLUSIONS WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION. RETURN TO AIR FORCE BASE INVESTIGATOR FOR FORWARDING TO FTD (TELETR), WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433, IAW AFR 80-17. (IF ADDITIONAL SHEETS ARE NEEDED FOR NARRATIVE OR SKETCHES ATTACH SECURELY TO THIS FORM OR ANNOTATE WITH YOUR NAME FOR IDENTIFICATION.)

1. WHEN DID YOU SEE THE PHENOMENON?
DAY 15 MONTH Aug YEAR 1968

2. WHAT TIME DID YOU FIRST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR 11 MINUTES 50 □A.M. ☑P.M.

3. WHAT TIME DID YOU LAST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR 12 MINUTES 20 □A.M. ☑P.M.

4. TIME ZONE ☑EASTERN □CENTRAL □MOUNTAIN □PACIFIC □OTHER
   ☑DAYLIGHT SAVINGS □STANDARD

5. (A hand-drawn map of an area in Ohio is included, with street intersections and landmarks partially obscured)

6. (A curved line diagram showing an observer's view with angles marked from 0 to 90 degrees is included)

AF FORM 117
AUG 67

13


- page 43 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

6A. NOW IMAGINE YOU ARE AT THE CENTER OF THE COMPASS ROSE. PLACE AN "X" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN. PLACE A "B" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN.

7. IN THE SKETCH BELOW, PLACE AN "A" AT POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN, AND A "B" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN. CONNECT THE "A" AND "B" WITH A LINE TO APPROXIMATE THE MOVEMENT OF THE PHENOMENON BETWEEN "A" AND "B". THAT IS, SCHEMATICALLY SHOW WHETHER THE MOVEMENT APPEARED TO BE STRAIGHT, CURVED OR ZIG-ZAG. REFER TO SMALLER SKETCH AS AN EXAMPLE OF HOW TO COMPLETE THE LARGER SKETCH.

PAGE 2 OF 9 PAGES


- page 44 -

TDPT (UOO)
Yellow Springs, Ohio, 15 Aug 69 Sighting

Dr Donald H Menzel
Harvard College Observatory
60 Garden Street
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02138

Dear Dr Menzel:

Would you please give me your opinion on the attached case. I honestly don't feel that this case should be unidentified. I am not at all pleased with Dr Hynek's interview or with his evaluation. This is science?

I've also enclosed a map of the area, however, I would appreciate your returning it when you are through. Thank you.

Sincerely,

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr, Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch

2 Atch
1. Transcript of Dr Hynek's Interview
2. Map of area


- page 45 -

AFR 80-17(C1)

WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? (Check appropriate block.)
X OUTDOORS
IN BUILDING
IN CAR □ AS DRIVER □ AS PASSENGER
IN BOAT
IN AIRPLANE □ AS PILOT □ AS PASSENGER
OTHER

IN BUSINESS SECTION OF CITY
X IN RESIDENTIAL SECTION OF CITY
IN OPEN COUNTRYSIDE
NEAR AIRFIELD
FLYING OVER CITY
FLYING OVER OPEN COUNTRY
OTHER

IF YOU WERE IN A VEHICLE, COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:
WHAT DIRECTION WERE YOU MOVING?
NORTH
SOUTH
NORTH-EAST
NORTHWEST

EAST
WEST
SOUTHEAST
SOUTHWEST

HOW FAST WERE YOU MOVING?
10 min.

DID YOU STOP ANYTIME WHILE OBSERVING THE
PHENOMENON?
□ YES   X NO

EXPLAIN WHETHER SUCH MOVEMENT AFFECTS YOUR SKETCHES IN ITEMS 5 AND 6.

[Remaining fields on the form are blank]

PAGE 3 OF 9 PAGES

15


- page 46 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 60-177(C1)

[Form fields with various checkboxes and sections, including:]

CONDITIONS (Check appropriate block.)

WEATHER:
- FOG OR MIST
- HEAVY RAIN
- LIGHT RAIN OR DRIZZLE
- HAIL
- SNOW OR SLEET
- UNKNOWN

MOON:
- NO MOONLIGHT
- UNKNOWN

[Partially legible handwritten notes in sections 5 and 12, which describe details about illumination and object description, but some words are not completely clear]

The most legible handwritten text appears to read:
"The object appeared as a self-luminous, round part of yellow light."

This is page 4 of 9 pages, as noted at the bottom of the document.


- page 47 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

11. DID THE PHENOMENON
- MOVE IN A STRAIGHT LINE?
- STAND STILL AT ANYTIME*
- SUDDENLY SPEED UP AND RUN AWAY*
- BREAK UP IN PARTS AND EXPLODE?
- CHANGE COLOR*
- GIVE OFF SMOKE*
- CHANGE BRIGHTEST
- CHANGE SHAPE*
- FLASH
- DISAPPEAR AND REAPPEAR?
- SPIN LIKE A TOP?
- MAKE A NOISE*
- FLUTTER OR WOBBLE?

YES | NO | UNKNOWN
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X
X

14. WHAT DREW YOUR ATTENTION TO THE PHENOMENON?
My wife and first started the object but much could now and watched
my parents which also saw it much clearer than I. I was surprised because
and could plain to find out what was the reason this object was near. They explained
what they had seen and pointed out the location that it was still been.
I soon began looking toward that position with my eye and in a few moments
the object started to move. My wife also saw it with me.

15. HOW DID IT FINALLY DISAPPEAR?
Slowly then further and smaller.

16. DID THE PHENOMENON MOVE BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF SOMETHING, LIKE A CLOUD, TREE, OR BUILDING AT ANY TIME?
□ YES □ NO IF "YES," DESCRIBE:

17
PAGE 5 OF 9 PAGES


- page 48 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

15. DRAW A PICTURE THAT WILL SHOW THE SHAPE OF THE PHENOMENON, INCLUDE AND LABEL ANY DETAILS THAT MIGHT HAVE APPEARED AS WINGS OR PROTRUSIONS, AND INDICATE EXHAUST OR VAPOR TRAILS. INDICATE BY AN ARROW THE DIRECTION THE PHENOMENON WAS MOVING.

[Handwritten text next to first shape]
SHAPE
BLURRY APPEARING
VERY DISAPPEARING

[Handwritten text next to second shape]
SHAPE
BLURRY
SOLID
TO ASKEW

16. WHAT SIZE? REGULAR SIZE? HOLD A MATCH AT ARM'S LENGTH IN FRONT OF A KNOWN OBJECT, SUCH AS A STREET LAMP OR THE MOON. NOTE HOW MUCH OF THE OBJECT IS COVERED BY THE HEAD OF THE MATCH. NOW IF YOU HAD BEEN ABLE TO ESTIMATE THIS EXPERIMENT AT THE TIME OF THE SIGHTING, ESTIMATE WHAT FRACTION OF THE PHENOMENON WOULD HAVE BEEN COVERED BY THE MATCH HEAD.

[Handwritten text]
1/8 WOULD HAVE BEEN COVERED BY THE MATCH WHEN AT MINIMUM SIZE.

PAGE 6 OF 9 PAGES


- page 49 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(Cl)

17. DID YOU OBSERVE THE PHENOMENON THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING? INCLUDE INFORMATION ON MODEL, TYPE, FILTER, LENS PRESCRIPTION OR OTHER APPLICABLE DATA:

[Most checkboxes are marked "NO" for:
- Camera Viewer
- Binoculars
- Windshield
- Telescope
- Side OF VEHICLE
- Theodolite
- Windplane
- Other]

A. DO YOU ORDINARILY WEAR GLASSES? [YES NO]

B. DO YOU USE READING GLASSES? [YES NO]

19. IN ORDER THAT WE MAY OBTAIN AS CLEAR A PICTURE AS POSSIBLE OF WHAT YOU SAW, DESCRIBE IN YOUR OWN WORDS A COMMON OBJECT OR OBJECTS WHICH, WHEN PLACED IN THE SKY, SIMILAR TO WHAT YOU WERE LOOKING AT, WOULD BEAR SOME RESEMBLANCE TO WHAT YOU SAW. DESCRIBE SIMILARITIES AND DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE COMMON OBJECT AND WHAT YOU SAW:

The moon on a misty night, only there was no moon that night
And THE MOON DOES NO TRANSLATE AS FROM OUR PICTURE TO ANOTHER, NOR
DOES IT APPEAR AND DISAPPEAR BY NO CHANGE OF LIGHT INTENSITY.

21. DID YOU NOTICE ANY ODOR, NOISE, OR HEAT EMANATING FROM THE PHENOMENON OR ANY EFFECT ON YOURSELF, ANIMALS OR MACHINERY IN THE VICINITY? [YES NO. IF YES, DESCRIBE:]

But I have a sense of something occurring within sometime, more odor perception detected.
My partner and wife noticed no gas.

A. DID THE PHENOMENON DISTURB THE GROUND OR LEAVE ANY PHYSICAL EVIDENCE? [YES NO]

[Bottom of page notes: Page 7 of 9 Pages]


- page 50 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

AFR 60-17(C1)

[Most personal details are redacted/blacked out]

Location: Yellow Springs, Ohio 45387

Age: 22

Sex: [X] MALE [ ] FEMALE

Personal Information:
Student at the University of Cincinnati - studying Aeronautic Engineering
Wilbur at Western Station M.F.B. USNS-30 on a cool eve.

Date Completed Questionnaire: Day 22, Month Aug, Year 68

Page 8 of 9 Pages


- page 51 -

Text found in the document:

27. INFORMATION WHICH YOU FEEL IS PERTINENT BUT WHICH IS NOT ADEQUATELY COVERED IN THIS QUESTIONNAIRE, ALTERNATIVELY PROVIDE A NARRATIVE EXPLANATION OF THE SIGHTING.

AFR 80-17(C1)

21

PAGE 9 OF 9 PAGES


- page 52 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 15 August 1968

TO: [Redacted address in Yellow Springs, Ohio 45337]

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object.

If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 15 August 1968 could you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

[Signature]
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope


- page 53 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA QUESTIONNAIRE
BUDGET BUREAU APPROVAL
NUMBER 21-R319

THIS QUESTIONNAIRE HAS BEEN PREPARED SO THAT YOU CAN GIVE THE U.S. AIR FORCE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE CONCERNING THE UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA THAT YOU HAVE OBSERVED. PLEASE TRY TO ANSWER ALL OF THE QUESTIONS. THE INFORMATION YOU GIVE WILL BE USED FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES. YOUR NAME WILL NOT BE USED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF YOUR STATEMENTS OR CONCLUSIONS WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION.

RETURN TO AIR FORCE BASE INVESTIGATOR FOR FORWARDING TO FTD (TDTICS), WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433, IAW AFRO-17. (IF ADDITIONAL SHEETS ARE NEEDED FOR NARRATIVE OR SKETCHES ATTACH SECURELY TO THIS FORM OR ANNOTATE WITH YOUR NAME FOR IDENTIFICATION.)

1. WHEN DID YOU SEE THE PHENOMENON?
DAY 13   MONTH 8   YEAR 1968
HOUR 12   MINUTES 30 □AM □PM

2. WHAT WAS THE FIRST SIGHTING OF THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR 1   MINUTES 00 □AM □PM

3. TIME ZONE:
□EASTERN □CENTRAL □MOUNTAIN □PACIFIC □STANDARD □OTHER

4. WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? IF IN CITY, GIVE THE NEAREST STREET ADDRESS AND INDICATE ON A HAND DRAWN MAP WHERE YOU WERE STANDING WITH REFERENCE TO THE ADDRESS. IF IN THE COUNTRY, IDENTIFY THE HIGHWAY YOU WERE ON AND NEAR AND TRY TO FIX A DISTANCE AND DIRECTION FROM SOME RECOGNIZABLE LANDMARK.

[Most of the map details are obscured by black redaction marks]

5. IMAGINE YOU ARE AT THE POINT SHOWN IN THE SKETCH, PLACE AN "A" ON THE CURVED LINE TO SHOW HOW HIGH THE PHENOMENON WAS ABOVE THE HORIZON, OR SKYLINE, WHEN FIRST SEEN. PLACE A "B" ON THE SAME CURVED LINE TO SHOW WHERE THE PHENOMENON WAS WHEN LAST SEEN.

[A diagram shows an observer's perspective with angular measurements]

OBSERVER

AF FORM
AF AUG 67 117


- page 54 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFB 60-17(C1)

NOW IMAGINE YOU ARE AT THE CENTER OF THE COMPASS ROSE. PLACE AN "A" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN. PLACE A "B" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN.

IN THE SKETCH BELOW, PLACE AN "A" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN, AND A "B" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN. CONNECT THE "A" AND "B" WITH A LINE TO APPROXIMATE THE MOVEMENT OF THE PHENOMENON BETWEEN "A" AND "B". THAT IS, SCHEMATICALLY SHOW WHETHER THE MOVEMENT APPEARS TO BE STRAIGHT, CURVED OR ZIG-ZAG. REFER TO SMALLER SKETCH AS AN EXAMPLE OF HOW TO COMPLETE THIS LARGER SKETCH.

PAGE 2 OF 9 PAGES


- page 55 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS 02138

November 11, 1968

Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla, Jr., USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Department of the Air Force
Harry Doering Technology Division (AFC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Dear Hector:

I enclose herewith an all-too-lengthy evaluation of the
Yellow Springs case. I have elaborated, to show in detail, where,
how, and why, I differ in my conc   ion from those of Hynek. You
are at liberty to send him a copy and I enclose an extra copy for you
in case you wish to do so.

It occurs to me that you are fairly near Yellow Springs.
Why don't you get    m the phone and ask him the following
questions. Do you ordinarily wear spectacles? For distance, for
reading, or for both? Do you wear bi-focals, tri-focals, contact
lenses? Were you wearing your glasses on the evening? Does
your driver's license specify that you should wear these glasses?
(This is a question designed to show whether or not she might be
lying as to whether she had them on or not). Can she give you the
name of her optometrist or optical shop? Can she give you the
correction she has? Her statement is the most important. But
you might even find out about the other three, if convenient. Ac-
tually, I think it is hardly worth it, but I would be willing to bet
that she has some relatively marked eye trouble. Another thing
to ascertain would be when she had her glasses last corrected.

I would, by all means, take this sighting off of the list
of "unknowns." "Good Lord! you've got enough unknowns on your
list already. And, I think, whenever you can get what appears to
be at least a 90%-and I would make this 99%-identification, why
clog up the files? There are still a few cases that you have clogged
up. One of them, I recall, is the so-call    case of Oct. 1,
1948, at Fargo, N.D. Mrs.    and my analysis of it in our
book is, beyond all question, correct. Yet Hynek has substantially
resisted, simply because he has never conceded the ability of stars
near the horizon to give the illusion of a "dog fight." By the same
token, he has never been happy, apparently, about such phenomena
as sundogs and associated apparitions. It would be interesting for


- page 56 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? (Check appropriate block.)

IN OUTDOORS
X IN BUILDING

IN BUSINESS SECTION OF CITY
IN RESIDENTIAL SECTION OF CITY
IN OPEN COUNTRYSIDE
NEAR AIRFIELD

X IN CAR X AS DRIVER AS PASSENGER
IN BOAT
IN AIRPLANE AS PILOT AS PASSENGER

FLYING OVER CITY
FLYING OVER OPEN COUNTRY
OTHER

IF YOU WERE IN A VEHICLE, COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:
WHAT DIRECTION WERE YOU MOVING? HOW FAST WERE YOU MOVING?
NORTH 40 MPH
SOUTH
EAST
WEST
NORTHEAST
SOUTHEAST
NORTHWEST
SOUTHWEST

DID YOU STOP ANYTIME WHILE OBSERVING THE PHENOMENON?
YES NO

EXPLAIN WHETHER SUCH MOVEMENT AFFECTS YOUR SKETCHES IN ITEMS 5 AND 6.
Yes. It seemed to shake before it moved upward.

DESCRIBE TYPE OF VEHICLE YOU WERE IN AND TYPE OF ROAD, TERRAIN OR BODY OF WATER YOU TRAVERSED DURING THE SIGHTING. STATE WHETHER WINDOWS OR CONVERTIBLE TOP WERE UP OR DOWN.
Stol sports car - Top Down

Apparent

HOW MUCH OTHER TRAFFIC WAS THERE?

DID YOU NOTICE ANY AIRPLANES? YES NO. IF YES, DESCRIBE WHEN THEY WERE IN SIGHT RELATIVE TO THE TIME OF SIGHTING THIS PHENOMENON AND WHERE THEY WERE IN THE SKY RELATIVE TO THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON.
Sometime after the sighting there was a large transport.

HOW LONG WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT?
LENGTH OF TIME
Half an hour

CERTAIN OF TIME
FAIRLY CERTAIN

NOT VERY SURE
JUST A GUESS

HOW WAS TIME DETERMINED?
By two clocks and tapes watched

WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT CONTINUOUSLY? YES NO. IF NO, INDICATE WHETHER THIS IS DUE TO YOUR MOVEMENT OR THE BEHAVIOR OF THE PHENOMENON, AND DESCRIBE SUCH MOVEMENT OR BEHAVIOR. INDICATE DISAPPEARANCE ON PREVIOUS SKETCHES.
All but five minutes. It was in complete vision.

PAGE 3 OF 9 PAGES


- page 57 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

10. IF THERE WERE MORE THAN ONE PHENOMENON, HOW MANY WERE THERE? DRAW A PICTURE TO SHOW HOW THEY WERE ARRANGED. DID THIS ARRANGEMENT CHANGE DURING THE SIGHTING?
Just one.

[Weather and Sighting Conditions Section with various checkboxes]

Headlights

16. GIVE A BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE PHENOMENON, INDICATING WHETHER IT APPEARED DARK OR LIGHT, WHETHER IT REFLECTED LIGHT OR WAS SELF-LUMINOUS AND WHAT COLORS YOU NOTICED. DESCRIBE YOUR IMPRESSION OF WHETHER IT WAS SOLID, TRANSPARENT, WHETHER EDGES WERE SHARP OR FUZZY. DESCRIBE THE SHAPE OR INDICATE IF IT CHANGED SHAPE. INDICATE THE APPARENT SIZE AND BRIGHTNESS COMPARED TO OTHER OBJECTS IN YOUR FIELD OF VIEW.

It appeared light, illuminous, Yellow, gold and white in color. I believe it was solid sharp edges being sharp. Seemed about 1 level road size (it was time)

PAGE 4 OF 9 PAGES


- page 58 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

13. DID THE PHENOMENON
- MOVE IN A STRAIGHT LINE?
- STAND STILL AT ANYTIME?
- SUDDENLY SPEED UP AND RUN AWAY?
- BREAK UP IN PARTS AND EXPLODE?
- CHANGE COLOR?
- GIVE OFF SMOKE?
- CHANGE BRIGHTNESS?
- CHANGE SHAPE?
- FLASH OR FLICKER?
- DISAPPEAR AND REAPPEAR?
- SPIN LIKE A TOP?
- MAKE A NOISE?
- FLUTTER OR WOBBLE?

14. WHAT DREW YOUR ATTENTION TO THE PHENOMENON?
The moving light in the darkness.

15. HOW DID IT FINALLY DISAPPEAR?
Seemed to get smaller.

16. DID THE PHENOMENON MOVE BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF SOMETHING, LIKE A CLOUD, TREE, OR BUILDING AT ANY TIME?
[Checkbox section is blank]

PAGE 5 OF 9 PAGES


- page 59 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(Cl)

15. DRAW A PICTURE THAT WILL SHOW THE SHAPE OF THE PHENOMENON, INCLUDE AND LABEL ANY DETAILS THAT MIGHT HAVE APPEARED AS WINGS OR PROTRUSIONS, AND INDICATE EXHAUST OR VAPOR TRAILS. INDICATE BY AN ARROW THE DIRECTION THE PHENOMENON WAS MOVING.

16. WHAT WAS THE ANGULAR SIZE? HOLD A MATCH AT ARM'S LENGTH IN FRONT OF A KNOWN OBJECT, SUCH AS A STREET LAMP OR THE MOON. NOTE HOW MUCH OF THE OBJECT IS COVERED BY THE HEAD OF THE MATCH. HOW FAR HAVE YOU BEEN ABLE TO PERFORM THIS EXPERIMENT AT THE TIME OF THE SIGHTING, ESTIMATE WHAT FRACTION OF THE PHENOMENON YOU HAVE BEEN COVERED BY THE MATCH HEAD.

A

August 4

PAGE 6 OF 9 PAGES


- page 60 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFF 80-17(Cl)

[Checkboxes marked for:
17. DID YOU OBSERVE THE PHENOMENON:
- EYEGLASSES: X
- SUNGLASSES: 
- WINDSHIELD: X
- SIDE WINDOW OF VEHICLE: 
- WINDPANE: 

18. DO YOU ORDINARILY WEAR: [YES] [NO]

19. WHAT WAS YOUR IMPRESSION OF THE SPEED OF THE PHENOMENON? Give estimate of speed: SLOW

20. [Narrative description section]
Somewhat like the moon, then so what like 1/2 of a pit.

21. DID YOU NOTICE ANY ODOR, NOISE, OR HEAT EMANATING FROM THE PHENOMENON OR ANY EFFECT ON YOURSELF, ANIMAL, OR MACHINERY IN THE VICINITY? [YES] [NO. IF "YES", DESCRIBE]

The story was, according to [redacted] worked at W.P.A.F.B. during W.W. II in testing plane engines, quite noticeable. After German plane fuel after being burned.

Note was of a groaning nature.

22. DID THE PHENOMENON DISTURB THE GROUND OR LEAVE ANY PHYSICAL EVIDENCE? [YES] [NO]

Page 7 of 9 pages


- page 61 -

AFR 80-17(C1)

22. HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THIS OR A SIMILAR PHENOMENON BEFORE? [YES] [NO] IF "YES", GIVE DATE AND LOCATION.
[Redacted information]

23. WAS ANYONE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? [YES] [NO] IF "YES", DID THEY SEE IT TOO?

A. LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES:
[Redacted information]
FAIRFIELD PK.
YELLOW SPRINGS, OHIO

24. GIVE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF:
[Redacted information]
ADDRESS: BOX 437 YELLOW SPRINGS, OHIO FAIRFIELD PK.
AGE: 21
MALE [X] FEMALE [ ]

INDICATE ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDING OCCUPATION AND ANY EXPERIENCE WHICH MAY BE PERTINENT:
PHOTO AND X-RAY TECHNICIAN (MYSELF)
LAW STUDENT

AEROSPACE ENGINEER AT T.M.C. (HAROLD POND)

25. WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SIGHTED THIS PHENOMENON?
[Blank]

26. DATE YOU COMPLETED THIS QUESTIONNAIRE:
DAY ____ MONTH _________ YEAR 1968

PAGE 8 OF 9 PAGES


- page 62 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

AFR 60-17(CI)

27. INFORMATION WHICH YOU FEEL IS PERTINENT BUT WHICH IS NOT ADEQUATELY COVERED IN THIS QUESTIONNAIRE, ALTERNATIVELY PROVIDE A NARRATIVE EXPLANATION OF THE SIGHTING.

[Next two lines are partially illegible]

[Partially legible text appears to read:]
...it moved, made a diffuse sound, and color.

Yellow Springs, Ohio

PAGE 9 OF 9 PAGES

31


- page 63 -

UFPO (UFO) Ygnio

UFO Observation, 15 August 1968

Yellow Springs, Ohio 45387

Reference your telephone conversation with 2d Lt Marano on 15 August 1968 regarding your unidentified flying object (UFO) Observation. We would appreciate it if you and your husband could complete the enclosed AF Form 117 and return them in the envelope provided. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope

32

[Bottom of page contains some illegible handwritten text]


- page 64 -

TO:     TDPTR/UFO

REMARKS:
00581 8 CLEAR 7 6/6/44 0000
RMK83 SO E.

Upper Air Data not available, 
however, radiosondes indicated 
strong inversion at 2,000 ft.

Data obtained from records 
at Base Weather Station

FROM:    TEST KIST

DATE:    19 AUG 68

PHONE:   700-69

WEATHER DATA FOR 
WRPFB - 00302, 15AUG68

DD FORM 95 (Printed form number at bottom of document)


- page 65 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                                     23 SEPTEMBER 1968

Subj: UFO Observation, 15 August 1968

Information supplied in AF Form 117 by [redacted] doesn't disagree with her initial report which Ardene made to Lt Marano in her telephone conversation of 15 Aug 68. The sighting occurred on 15 August 1963 at 0030 hours, EDT.


- page 66 -

Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla                                                November 11, 1968

-2-

me to know how many of the cases that I have listed as solved in
"The World of Flying Saucers," are still listed as "unknowns" in
your files. If you would let me know, I'd like to re-examine the
data and see if we can't get rid of a few more.

Finally, I enclose herewith a UFO sighting of my own,
which leaves some uncertainties. I send it, just in case a material
object was involved that might have been reported by someone else.
I think that my analysis, however, is probably correct. I shall keep
watching for a repetition.

Cordially yours,

DHM/db                                                    Donald H. Menzel
Encls.


- page 67 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                                   23 SEPTEMBER 1963

UFO sighting of 15 August 1963, 0030 hrs, 866-2127
Called Dale Barns(Aerial Advertizer) Mr. Barns said that his plane
was in Cincinnati, Ohio last night.

Yellow Springs Police Department, 767-7206, Geraldine Swisshelm
No complaints.

UFO sighting 15 August 1963, 0030 hrs
Green Co Sheriffs Office, 372-4101
Mr. McKee, Nothing in log.


- page 68 -

Here is the text from the document:

attach to 1968-28
Xenia, Ohio

HARVARD COLLEGE OBSERVATORY
60 GARDEN STREET
CAMBRIDGE, MASSACHUSETTS 02138

CABLE ADDRESS "OBSERVATORY"                                                AREA CODE 617 868-7600

December 4, 1968

Lt. Colonel, Hector Quintanilla USAF
Chief Aerial Phenomena Branch
Department of the Air Force
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Dear Hector:

Thank you very much for your letter of November 29.
I am indeed glad that you agree with my evaluation of [illegible] case.
I simply cannot see how in the world Hynek could have concluded
otherwise.

I would completely agree further with your statement
that there is no such thing as a reliable human observer.
Not even
myself! I consider it something of an honor to have my name turned
into an adjective. And I am pleased that you recognize the validity
of the Menzelian approach. There are a few items of my philosophy
which you have probably absorbed from our correspondence, but
which I do not think that I have previously stated clearly.

First of all, I feel that each case has to be treated
completely separately. Even in the event of half a dozen sightings
from the same night from the same area, the chances are quite high
that each observer will have seen something entirely different. And,
to try to relate them and put them into a single pattern renders
analysis hopeless. This is why I do not go for the concept of "pattern
approach."

In the early days - and even now - far too many of the
Air Force sightings are listed as "unknown." First of all, there
should have been a special category implying "incomplete or faulty
data." For most of the true unknowns cannot be solved because of
that defect. And I still think that the Air Force questionnaire, though
improved by the suggestions of mine that they did not accept, is still

[signature appears to be cut off]


- page 69 -

Lt. Colonel, Hector Quintanilla     -2-                December 4, 1968

Very faulty. Frankly, if this office is to be continued in the Air Force, I think they should re-examine my recommendations, which were not made lightly, and completely revise again the questionnaire. And I would be glad to work along with you, sharpening up some of my questions, and answering objections that may very well be legitimate to my earlier suggestions. And it wouldn't cost the Air Force a cent. Sometime, perhaps in February, I would like to pay another visit to Wright Field and spend a couple of days working with you and talking about the problems. Perhaps the Air Force has a direct flight from Hanscom Field that I could use.

One other thing concerning my philosophy. I think the Air Force has been much too conservative in their evaluations of reports. They keep one on the list of unknowns until it is solved beyond all shadow of doubt. The well-known [redacted] case is an excellent example. Here again, I find that Hynek, with his combined conservatism and lack of imagination, refuses to accept the explanation I advanced in "The World of Flying Saucers." I think there is absolutely no question of this particular case. And I feel frustrated in that the Air Force still apparently lists it either as "probable balloon" or "unknown."

By the way, what is the exact status? I think that the balloon was perhaps an initial stimulus, but the planet Jupiter was undoubtedly the force of the "dog fight."

I feel that, just as soon as one can suggest a reasonable natural solution, all be it a Menzelian one, within the data given, it should be so classified and taken off the books. Otherwise, the cranks and the believers will still keep it on as a probable UFO from outer space. Moreover they will say that the Air Force believes that these unknowns are from outer space.

Rough for re-election.

I don't know that you have seen my Martians, clearly inhabitants of the UFOs. I am sending a few of them to you. I hope you and your wife enjoy them. With the Seasons Greetings, I am

Cordially yours,
[Signature: Donald H. Menzel]

DHM:md
Enclosure


- page 70 -

REPORT OF ANALYSIS OF THE CASE OF
August 15, 1968, YELLOW SPRINGS, OHIO

by

Donald H. Menzel

I am not the least bit happy with either the interview or with
Hynek's evaluation. In the first place, the time of moon rise, given by
Hynek, is approximately correct. These, I take it, all Eastern
Daylight Time.

I have nearly always found that when some observer says
"It looked like X, but it couldn't have been X because...," the reasons
for the "because" are usually invalid.

Now for specifics. Hynek says that there was an inconsistency
in the time, amounting to approximately an hour. This would have been
worthwhile following up, but he does not go in to the origin of the dis-
crepancy. Who was the second person, who claimed the later time? Did
Ardene really remember correctly?

From the very start, Hynek starts talking about "the moon
and this other object." Apparently he is already conditioned to the
belief that a second object was involved, because his whole questioning
appears to be predicated on this hypothesis. Apparently the reason that
he questions the lunar identification is his inability to understand how the
object could have had the reported motion.

There were two reported motions, one a spinning or rotatory
effect, and the second a following or chasing of the car. With reference
to the second, as one is driving along, seeing the moon apparently following
him, as it races through the treetops, he can get the impression that the
moon is chasing him. I remember, as a child, getting this sensation when
I was traveling in a train or an automobile.

This case clearly exemplifies one of my major criticisms of
the Air Force Questionnaire. I mentioned this more than a year ago when
I sent in my suggested revisions. I want to know what the conditions are
of Ardene's eyes. Is she myopic? Does she wear glasses ordinarily?


- page 71 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

Did she have them on at the time? What is the nature of her correction?
I think this is extremely important, although I know that the Air Force has sometimes taken the view that such questions "invade the privacy of the individual," which to me is absolute nonsense if you are going to investigate matters of this sort. If you don't ask the important questions, you might as well shut up and go to bed.

Herself said that it looked like "a plate." This certainly sounds like the moon to me, except for her report of motions. With a little light cloud or fog, I would say that the moon corresponded very well to what she said. She had no idea of the exact distance. She became confused and frightened. And her statement that it was just over head, even if it may have been only 30° or so above the horizon, was in itself an indication of an impression of nearness, to which I give very little weight.

The concept of the moon following a car is extremely clear. This is a well-known optical illusion. When she stopped the car, she noticed that it was stationary. This again is characteristic of this optical illusion. And her estimate of distance, 300 feet (?), though just a guess, is again characteristic of estimates of distance when one cannot get a real parallax. And her estimates of apparent diameter seem not inconsistent with the moon. Again, with her insistence on gyration, I think this could easily have been an optical illusion. I cannot understand why Hynek did not make some inquiries about her eyes. I don't even know whether she was wearing glasses or not. Besides, some of her description of the apparent motion strongly suggests autokinesis.

She comes home goes in and announces that she had seen a "flying saucer" and she says that "you could truly tell that it was not the moon and you could truly tell that it was definitely a saucer." There is no question here, as to how she was able to make this distinction? Hynek gives the impression that he is already convinced that this object was not the moon and so he is agreeing with the girl. The description of the object as "a cut of a pie" seems not inconsistent with that of the moon. Moreover, she does not indicate, nor does Hynek ask her, about which axis the rotation was taking place? He seems to assume that it was a flat disk rotating around the center. And that was what she said earlier, something like a plate. Now she changes her impression and says that it looked like a quarter of a pie. Why didn't Hynek question her on this point? When, for example, did it change?


- page 72 -

