PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
7 Oct 68   07/203ol
             08/0030z

2. LOCATION
Fairview, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

10. CONCLUSION
HOT AIR BALLOON

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SIDE CASE

FTD FORM
SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten text: a round motion]
[Sketch of a UFO]

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
[Handwritten text: Two]
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.
[Handwritten notes describing object arrangement and movement]

[The right side of the document contains partially obscured fields for:
30. Have you
31. Was any
31.1 If yes
31.2 Pleas
32. Please give
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE

Indicate any
[Some handwritten text in these sections]

33. When and to
[Partially filled out]


- page 2 -

DEPT (UFO) Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/abs/23 Oct 68
UFO Observation, 7 October 1968

Morristown, Ohio 43759

1. The description that you provide on your observation of 7 October 1968, is consistent with other reports that we have received of plastic garment bag hot air balloons. (See the attached description.)

2. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
Description


- page 3 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 340TH COMBAT SUPPORT GROUP (TAC)
LOCKBOURNE AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 43217

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DO                                                                 14 Oct 1968
SUBJECT: UFO

TO: FTD (TD-PT(UFO))
     Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

The attached report was received by this office on 14 October 1968.
Since the incident occurred within your area, am forwarding without
comment.

FOR THE COMMANDER

FRANK E. HIMES, Lt Colonel, USAF     1 Atch
Chief, Operations and Training Division     UFO Report


- page 4 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Slow were, two, one did disappear.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: It moved behind clouds can see disappear. When a little this object go
behind clouds it would partially get out of sight.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes No Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: No sound - will cloud not hear distance
b. Color: Bright, yellow

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction they were moving.

[A rough sketch is drawn on this section of the page]


- page 5 -

UFO form continued

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? [No response]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? Approximately ½ miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Atop
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?   Made some
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)   East
a. North   b. Northeast   c. Southeast   d. South   e. Southwest   f. West   g. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? 50 miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses   Yes   No   e. Binoculars   Yes   No
b. Sun glasses   Yes   No   f. Telescope   Yes   No
c. Windshield   Yes   No   g. Theodolite   Yes   No
d. Window glass   Yes   No   h. Other   Added color/weather

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.
Cloudy, fairly light color, disk-like, portrayed as unclear sunlight between buildings with trails of slight color will note the object.


- page 6 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FOR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
7 October 1968
Day    Month    Year

2. Time of day: 8:30
Hours    Minutes    (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One)
a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other: _________

(Circle One)
a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Fairview    Fairview    Ohio
Nearest Postal Address    City or Town    State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
10    Seconds
Hours    Minutes    Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Traveling in a car and we stopped and watched

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?    Yes    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY    NIGHT
a. Bright    a. Bright
b. Clear    b. Clear
c. Cloudy    c. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One)
a. In front of you    d. To your left
b. In back of you    e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 64 164    This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 64, which is obsolete.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

IR FORCE UFO FORM

Page 1                                                                  Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
   8.1 STARS (Circle One):                                8.2 MOON (Circle One):
       a. None                                                a. Bright moonlight
       b. A Few                                               b. Dull moonlight
       c. Many                                                c. No moonlight/pitch dark
       d. Don't remember                                      d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
   CLOUDS (Circle One):                                   WEATHER (Circle One):
   a. Clear sky                                               a. Dry
   b. Hazy                                                    b. Fog, mist, or light rain
   c. Scattered clouds                                        c. Moderate or heavy rain
   d. Thick or heavy clouds                                   d. Snow
                                                               e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):                    d. As a light?
    a. Solid                                                  Don't remember
    b. Transparent
    c. Vapor

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
    a. Brighter                                            c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                                              d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
     Brighter than a postcard lt.

12. The edges of the object were:
    (Circle One):                                         e. Other:
    a. Fuzzy or blurred
    b. Like a spotlight
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                                       (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear to stand still at any time?                     Yes   No   Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?           Yes   No   Don't know
    c. Break up into parts or explode?                        Yes   No   Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                                        Yes   No   Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                                     Yes   No   Don't know
    f. Change shape?                                          Yes   No   Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                                      Yes   No   Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                                Yes   No   Don't know


- page 8 -

Here is the text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 17 October 1968

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

The flying objects we saw to Findlay, were being watched. The first one, disappeared quite the second one remained after at least 5 minutes returned. And then slowly faded behind a cloud and disappeared.

There were people on Fairview watching the objects with us due we did not get to talk to them.


- page 9 -

Air Force UFO form continued

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
[No text in this section]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Only mother Martintown, Ohio 43259
Also my young daughter

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: [Redacted] Martintown, Ohio Zone 43759
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [Redacted] AGE: 19 SEX: F

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
I have read about UFOs and I have watched for them. And on occasion I have seen what seemed to be UFOs just they were not as apparent as other two objects were.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
October 1968 Activity Dept. OHIO Air Force


- page 10 -

