PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE, TIME GROUP
Time unknown

2. LOCATION
[Location text is illegible]

10. CONCLUSION
Visual: Insufficient Data
Photo: Insufficient Data
No information on sighting available.

5. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
[Text is illegible]

6. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Unknown

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Visual

7. COURSE
[No text]

8. PHOTOS
☒ Yes Negatives not received
☐ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒No

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

WESTERN WYOMING COMMUNITY COLLEGE
RELIANCE, WYOMING 82943

January 9, 1968

Col. Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
FTF(TCET/UFO) Research and
Aerial Phenomenon Division
Wright Patterson AF Base, Ohio 45433

Dear Col. Quintanilla:

Enclosed are photos and a letter that I received when I sent a UFO report to Colorado University. They failed to return my report and I fail to see why. It were not to be considered the whole thing wasn't returned. Fortunately I retained a copy and it is notarized and signed by a witness. The witness also wrote a report.

I have the negatives to these photos plus the original report but unless I can be assured of these being examined and studied, I prefer to keep them. I would be glad to supply original negatives, reports and other items if they will be examined seriously. My personal feeling is that even if the commission at CU was writing a report they could have at least examined my report and given me some exaltation.
I think it said well that "A thing worth doing is worth doing well."

I and another person observed three UFO's in a space of one hour in June. I photographed the first one which was close enough to give an image that could be printed. The photos are on Kodacolor X film (negative color film) so the spectrum of the light could be studied by use of filters. I believe. I have two witnesses actually to the sighting but only one wrote up a report. These two people are also able to verify my photographs as legitimate (they can take the pictures as they watched). I think this meets a legal test set forth by Hyneck in his Popular Photography a trick of about a year past.

I teach engineering and physics at Western College and have not had any problems believing. I am only able to say they object looked like nothing I've seen before in the sky at night. I am willing to admit it


- page 2 -

Case includes three(3) 8"x10" photographs.

[There is also a "SMC" stamp in the bottom right of the document and a vertical document number "1003138" on the right side of the page.]


- page 3 -

The text on this page is almost entirely illegible due to poor image quality and heavy scanning artifacts. There are some faint horizontal lines suggesting text, but no specific words or characters can be discerned with confidence.


- page 4 -

The image appears to be a very poor quality, low-contrast black and white scanned document. Most of the text is completely illegible due to the poor scanning quality. There are some faint horizontal lines and scratches visible, but no clear text can be discerned.


- page 5 -

The image appears to be a very poor quality, low-contrast black and white scanned document. Most of the text is completely illegible due to the poor scanning quality. I cannot make out any readable text on this page.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

WESTERN WYOMING COLLEGE
RELIANCE, WYOMING 82943

Col. Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
PTID(TDEV/UFO) Research & Aerial Phenomena Div.
Wright Patterson AF Base, Ohio 45433

The document appears to be a letter from Western Wyoming College, postmarked JAN 9 PM 1969, addressed to Colonel Hector Quintanilla Jr. at Wright Patterson Air Force Base.


- page 7 -

UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO
BOULDER, COLORADO 80302

DEPARTMENT OF PHYSICS AND ASTROPHYSICS

1006 JILA Bldg.                                                22 August 1968

Mr.
Physics and Engineering
Western Wyoming College
Reliance, Wyo. 82901

Dear Mr.

Because the project is now engaged in writing a final report of the study it is not possible to add any new sighting materials. If you wish you might send the photographs, which I am returning herewith, and a copy of your report to Project Blue Book for consideration there. The address is: Col. Hector Quintanilla, Jr, PTID(TEUFOI) Research and Aerial Phenomenon Div., Wright Patterson AF Base, Ohio, 45433.

We appreciate your interest.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
E. U. Condon

EUC:s


- page 8 -

may be a identifiable object of somekind but there have been sightings
in this area before and since. I think it a favorable observational
area for UFO's.

I would like to retain my rights to the photographs as to ownership.
If they are to be published for profit I would expect to retain
rights to the photos and the subsequent profiles. I am however willing
to submit them as scientific endeavor in hopes it will show that
UFO's can be photographed and witnesses to the sightings are available.
One of the students here saw a similar object int the sky the same
night as well as three who say it. It was there-whatever it was
and it was photographed.

Please know that I am interested in reaching the truth whither it turns
out to be "flying saucers" or just a planes light. I do believe all
reports should be considered seriously and especially those with
tangible evidence of a sighting.

By the way you may know that we have a radar station south of
Rocksprings, Wyo. and they may have had an observation on the
same date(June 13)it thinks).

Thank you for your help.

Yours truly,
[Signature redacted]
Instructor
Engineering and Physics
Head, Divison of Science


- page 9 -

DEPT (UFO)                                                      17 JAN 1969

UFO Observation and Photographs of June 1968

Mr. [REDACTED]
Physics and Engineering
Western Wyoming College
Reliance, Wyoming 83901

Reference your UFO Observation and Photographs of June 1968.
Usually the Air Force doesn't accept UFO sightings over 30 days
old because pertinent data, such as aircraft flight records and
balloon launch records, may already have been destroyed. We
have also found that as observers usually forget many details of
the sighting after 30 days. However, if you would complete the
enclosed AF Form 117 and Photo-Data Sheet and return them to this
office along with the original negatives and any other information or narrations that you feel are pertinent, we will do our
best to identify the stimulus of your sighting. Thank you for
your cooperation and concern in this matter.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt. Colonel, USAF     2 Atch
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch                 1. AF Form 117
Aerospace Technologies Division                2. Photo-Data Sheet
Production Directorate


- page 10 -

