The image appears to contain a grainy black and white photograph, likely taken from a UFO sighting report. The photograph does not depict any human faces, so I will not attempt to identify or name any individuals.

The full text from the document is as follows:

DATE - TIME GROUP
23 November 1968

LOCATION
Newton, Georgia 

SOURCE
Civilian

NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One (1)

LENGTH OF OBSERVATION  
3 or 4 minutes

TYPE OF OBSERVATION
ground-visual

COURSE  
Directly up

PHOTOS
Yes

PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
No

CONCLUSION
Unidentified

BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Witness encountered a brilliant object in the sky which hovered briefly about 200 feet ahead of him and then faded into static. The object itself emitted a beam-shaped light of its own. Radio interference was detected as if the beam was attempting to communicate. The object disappeared in a few seconds. A second object was detected by the witness left in the drive gear.

- page 1 -

The image contains two sketches or illustrations, but no photograph.

The text in the document is as follows:

AFR 80-17(C1)
** HOW QUICKLY YOU ARE ABLE TO LOCATE THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN. PLACE A "B" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN.
In the sketch below, place an "X" at the position of the phenomenon when first seen and a "Y" at the position of the phenomenon when last seen. Indicate the direction of the phenomenon's movement by a line connecting the "X" and "Y". If the phenomenon appeared to be straight, curved or zig-zag, refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.
PAGE 2 OF 9 PAGES

- page 2 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch showing the observer's position and the trajectory of the phenomenon observed. There does not appear to be any photograph included in this specific page of the document.

SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA QUESTIONNAIRE
THIS QUESTIONNAIRE IS BEING FORWARDED TO YOU BY THE U.S. AIR FORCE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE CONCERNING THE UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA THAT YOU HAVE OBSERVED. PLEASE TRY TO ANSWER ALL OF THE QUESTIONS TO THE BEST OF YOUR ABILITY. RETURN TO AIR FORCE BASE INVESTIGATOR FOR FORWARDING TO U.S.D.C.S. (UFODET), WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE.

1. WHEN DID YOU SEE THE PHENOMENON?
DAY 22 MONTH 11 YEAR 68

2. WHAT TIME DID YOU FIRST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON? 
HOUR 8:00 MINUTES 5 [X] A.M. [] P.M.

3. WHAT TIME DID YOU LAST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR 8:00 MINUTES 10 [X] A.M. [] P.M.

4. TIME ZONE: 
[X] EASTERN [] CENTRAL [] MOUNTAIN [] PACIFIC [] OTHER

5. WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? DID TO THE NEAREST STREET AND TOWN, GIVE THE LATITUDE AND LONGITUDE, IF KNOWN, OR INDICATE ON A MAP.
I was traveling east on Highway 91 approx. 11 miles west of Newton, Ga. I had just crossed Mockingbird Creek bridge. 

6. IMAGINE YOU ARE AT THE POINT SHOWN IN THE SKETCH. PLACE A X ON THE CURVED LINE TO SHOW HOW HIGH THE PHENOMENON WAS ABOVE THE HORIZON, OR SKYLINE WHEN FIRST SEEN. PLACE A 0 ON THE SAME CURVED LINE TO SHOW HOW HIGH ABOVE THE HORIZON THE PHENOMENON WAS WHEN LAST SEEN.

- page 3 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image is a form from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFOs), filled out by a witness.

The text from the form is as follows:

AFR 80-17(C1)
10. IF THERE WERE MORE THAN ONE PHENOMENON, HOW MANY WERE THERE? DRAW A PICTURE TO SHOW HOW THEY WERE ARRANGED.
only one

11. SKY CONDITIONS (Check appropriate blocks)
DAYLIGHT: CLEAR CLOUDY
NIGHT: CLEAR CLOUDY
WEATHER: FOG OR MIST HEAVY RAIN LIGHT RAIN OR DRIZZLE HAIL SNOW OR SLEET UNKNOWN NONE OF THE ABOVE

C. IF THE SIGHTING WAS AT TWILIGHT OR NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE ABOUT THE STARS AND MOON?
NO MOONLIGHT UNKNOWN

D. IF SIGHTING WAS IN DAYLIGHT, WAS THE SUN VISIBLE? NO.

12. BRIEFLY DESCRIBE WHAT YOU SAW. INCLUDE COLOR, SIZE, NUMBER, SHAPE, DIRECTION AND SPEED OF MOVEMENT, SOUND AND ANY UNUSUAL FEATURES. PLEASE DRAW A SKETCH SHOWING THE SHAPE AND POSITION OF THE OBJECT(S) AT THE BEGINNING AND END OF SIGHT. IT WILL BE HELPFUL IF YOU CAN MARK NORTH.
A round, self-luminous object, variously estimated as 30-50 gallon drum size, which moved slowly and silently toward me and hovered over the field to my right. It seemed to me to be a solid, metallic-looking object with a yellowish white (fluorescent type) light emanating from it. It seemed as bright or brighter than any other light present. There were no distinctive edges or surfaces as the brightness appeared to be fairly uniform across the whole object. There appeared to be no visible means of propulsion as it moved silently and slowly through the sky. It was much brighter than any other light present, where there were no distinctive edges or surfaces, the brightness appeared fairly uniform across the whole object.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a form-like layout containing various questions and sections for the observer to fill out.

AFR 80-17(C1)
WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? (Check appropriate blank.)
IN BUILDING
IN CAR
IN BOAT
IN AIRPLANE
OTHER

WHAT DIRECTION WERE YOU MOVING?
[North, South, East, West, Northwest, Southwest] 
EXPLAIN WHETHER SUCH MOVEMENT AFFECTED YOUR SKETCHES IN ITEMS 5 AND 6.

DESCRIBE IN DETAIL THE PHENOMENA YOU OBSERVED. INCLUDE INFORMATION ON SHAPE, SIZE, COLOR, BRIGHTNESS, SOUND, AND BEHAVIOR. IF POSSIBLE, SKETCH THE OBJECT IN ITEMS 5 AND 6.

DID YOU NOTICE ANY AIRPLANES? [YES, NO] IF YES, DESCRIBE WHEN THEY WERE IN SIGHT RELATIVE TO THE TIME OF SIGHTING THE PHENOMENON AND WHERE THEY WERE IN RELATION TO THE PHENOMENON.

LENGTH OF TIME THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT? [WAS PHENOMENON IN SIGHT CONTINUOUSLY, FAIRLY CERTAIN, JUST A GUESS]

WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT CONTINUOUSLY? [YES, NO] IF NO, INDICATE WHETHER THIS IS DUE TO YOUR OBSERVATIONS OR BEHAVIOR OF THE PHENOMENON. AND DESCRIBE SUCH MOVEMENT OR BEHAVIOR. INDICATE CLEARLY IN ITEMS 5 AND 6.

- page 5 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a hand-drawn illustration. The illustration depicts a UFO-like object with a disc-shaped body and a beam of light shining downward. The document asks the reader to "DRAW A PICTURE THAT WILL SHOW THE SHAPE OF THE PHENOMENON" and provides instructions on how to estimate the size of the object relative to a known object, such as a street lamp or the moon.

AFR 80-17(CI)
15. DRAW A PICTURE THAT WILL SHOW THE SHAPE OF THE PHENOMENON. INCLUDE AND LABEL ANY DETAILS THAT MIGHT INDICATE SIZE OR LOCATION, SUCH AS REFERENCE POINTS OR VAPOR TRAILS INDICATED BY AN ARROW. THE DRAWING DOES NOT HAVE TO BE ARTISTIC, JUST CLEAR SO THAT WE CAN ANALYZE WHAT YOU HAVE OBSERVED.
16. WHAT WAS THE ANGULAR SIZE? HOLD A MATCH AT ARM'S LENGTH IN FRONT OF A KNOWN OBJECT, SUCH AS A STREET LAMP OR THE MOON. NOTE HOW MUCH OF THE OBJECT IS COVERED BY THE HEAD OF THE WATCH. NOW IF YOU HAD A PENCIL AT THE SAME DISTANCE, ESTIMATE WHAT FRACTION OF THE PENCIL LENGTH WOULD HAVE BEEN COVERED.
A can only estimate that if I were to hold my entire thumb up at arm's length, no more than 1/4 the height of the object would have been covered.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. 

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will produce the text found in the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)
DID THE PHENOMENON
YES NO UNKNOWN
MOVE IN A STRAIGHT LINE?
STAND STILL AT ANYTIME?
SUDDENLY SPEED UP AND RUN AWAY?
BREAK UP IN PARTS AND EXPLODE?
CHANGE COLOR?
CHANGE BRIGHTNESS?
CHANGE SHAPE?
FLASH OR FLICKER?
DISAPPEAR AND REAPPEAR?
SPIN LIKE A TOP?
MAKE A NOISE?
FLUTTER OR WOBBLE?
14. WHAT DREW YOUR ATTENTION TO THE PHENOMENON? It appeared to be a curved curve coming up on the horizon to where this object was located. The brightness, night, and suddenly caught my attention. As it approached, the light or beam seemed to be aiming at me for a short time, so I immediately realized this was not an airplane or any other known objects.
A. HOW DID IT FINALLY DISAPPEAR? The object simply floated from a yellow-orange color to a violet and smaller straight up at a very high rate of speed. It was completely out of sight in less than 15 seconds.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a form or document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

AFR 80-17(C1)
22. HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THIS OR A SIMILAR PHENOMENON BEFORE? [] YES [ ] NO. IF "YES," GIVE DATE AND LOCATION.
23. WAS ANYONE WITH YOU AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? [ ] YES [ ] NO. IF "YES," DID THEY SEE IT TOO?
A. LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES
24. GIVE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF
LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, MIDDLE NAME: [REDACTED]
ADDRESS: (Number, Street, City, State, and Zip Code): Albany, GA 31705
INDICATE ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDING OCCUPATION AND ANY EXPERIENCE WHICH MAY BE PERTINENT: Occupations Outside Accounts Adjuster, (collector) C & S Bank of Albany, Albany, GA.
25. WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SIGHTED THIS PHENOMENON?
NAME: Douglas County, Sheriff Dept. MONTH: 11 YEAR: 68
26. DATE YOU COMPLETED THIS QUESTIONNAIRE: DAY: 6 MONTH: 12 YEAR: 68
PAGE 8 OF 9 PAGES

- page 8 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

OCR output:

AFR 80-17(C1)

17. DID YOU OBSERVE THE PHENOMENON THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING: INCLUDE INFORMATION ON MODEL.

EYEGLASSES
SUNGLASSES
WINDSHIELD
SIDE WINDOW OF VEHICLE  
WINDSCREEN
OTHER

A. DO YOU ORDINARILY WEAR GLASSES? [ ] YES [X] NO

B. DO YOU USE READING GLASSES? [ ] YES [X] NO

WHAT WAS THE DISTANCE OF THE OBJECT OR OBJECTS FROM THE OBSERVER? ESTIMATE IF POSSIBLE.

a football with maneuverable

40-50 yards

May bright in color - yellowish-white

21. DID YOU NOTICE ANY ODOR, NOISE. OR HEAT EMANATING FROM THE PHENOMENON OR ANY EFFECT ON YOURSELF?

[ ] YES [X] NO

A. DID THE PHENOMENON DISTURB THE GROUND OR LEAVE ANY PHYSICAL EVIDENCE? [ ] YES [X] NO

PAGE 7 OF 9 PAGES

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten document that is part of a Project Blue Book report.

AFR 80-17(C1)
27. INFORMATION WHICH YOU FEEL IS PERTINENT BUT WHICH IS NOT ADEQUATELY COVERED IN THIS QUESTIONNAIRE.
ALTERNATIVELY PROVIDE A NARRATIVE EXPLANATION OF THE SIGHTING.

I was traveling east on Hwy 91
11.9 miles west of Newton, Ga. at approx 8:50 pm
On Diagonal Montany Creek any radio chatter was clouded with static.something strange was occurring. A car of very large standing lights 40-50 yds. in diameter yellow which were in color dom(sic) front of my car 50-75 yds. in distance. The beam of light came from the main body of light striking the wood of my car. It paralysed the engine stopped and the lights went out. I started the car again and the light came on again forward straight up. It hovered momentarily, then made a very fast climb and disappeared at a very high speed. It observed it for 2-3 minutes. The object was an orange color and appeared to be about 15 seconds to have ome complete and was traveling straight up. I have no idea what it was containing car was watching the object for 2-3 minutes. Then it charged to an orange color and proceeded upward at a very high speed. So that I had some it come completely only sighting of 15 seconds to have some complete and was traveling straight up.
I have no idea what it was containing car was watching the object for 2-3 minutes. Then it charged to an orange color and proceeded upward at a very high speed. So that I had some complete observation of about 15 seconds.
Newton and receiving no compensation from Butler County Sheriff.

- page 10 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The text on the image describes a UFO observation that occurred near Newton, Georgia on 23 November 1968.

Transcription of the text from the image:

UFO (UPO) 
UFO observation 23 November 1968 near Newton, Georgia

Dr. J. Allen Hynek
Northwestern University 
Evanston, Illinois 60201

Dr. J. Allen Hynek:

Reference the attached UFO report from near Newton, Georgia, which occurred on 23 November 1968. Request you evaluate this case and make comments on the project record card. Request you send additional information on all telephone conversations and letters on this report. Request this information on or before 20 January 1969.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR. Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch  
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 11 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed report describing a UFO sighting that occurred near Newton, Georgia on November 23, 1968.

NEAR NEWTON, GEORGIA
November 23, 1968

This sighting was investigated and evaluated by Dr. J. Allen Hynek, Air Force Scientific Consultant on UFO's. The following represents a brief summary of his analysis and conclusions regarding this sighting:

Witness says a bright light above the road about 200 feet ahead of him and 50 to 75 feet off the ground as he rounded a bend in his 1957 Chevrolet. The area was brightly lighted. There was no definite object, just light. The car radio faded into static. The light itself emitted a beam downward that illuminated nearly trees.

Light then was retracted as if the beam were a ladder; it was five to six feet wide and well-defined. Main light was fuzzy on the edges. Now the engine cut out as did the radio. Main light appeared scintillating with a suspended arc of several degrees. 

Light then disappeared after a few seconds, going straight up. Engine started by itself, and car had been left in drive gear.

CONCLUSION: Unidentified

- page 12 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a document from the Northwestern University's Department of Astronomy, regarding a sighting of aerial phenomena that occurred on November 23, 1968 in Newton, Georgia.

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
DEPARTMENT OF ASTRONOMY                     LINDHEIMER ASTRONOMICAL RESEARCH CENTER

13 January 1969

FTD (TDTR)
Research and Aerial Phenomena Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Attn:   TDPT (UFO)
Subj:   Sighting of 23 November, 1968, Newton Georgia
To:     Lt. Col. Hector Quintanilla, Jr.

Enclosed are the following items:
1. Transcription of telephone conversation with witness in above referenced sighting as you requested.
2. Project evaluation card on subject sighting.

J. Allen Hynek
Lindheimer Astronomical Research Center
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

JAH:lp
Encl. (2)

- page 13 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a transcript of a telephone conversation.

TRANSCRIPT OF TELEPHONE CONVERSATION BETWEEN HYNEK & 

Hello, Mr. 
Yes sir.
Hi, this is Allen Hynek at Northwestern University.
How are you, Dr. Hynek?
Fine. I didn't call earlier because I was detained. I'm very happy to have your letter which I got just today as a matter of fact (yes sir) and just in time to make the call. Your case there is a very interesting one and I would like to get more details. I have the report here, as it came from Moody Air Force Base and it's a very sketchy report. Let me tell you briefly what it says, and then you can probably fill me in.
Description of object: Oblong shape; Length: 40 or 50 yards; white, resembled a rounded football on its side. As UFO approached vehicle engine died and all electrical equipment failed. A beam of light was emitted from object. Loud static on auto radio tuned to a station that normally comes in clear. Object departed straight up at high rate of speed. Went completely out of sight in 15 seconds. And, essentially, that's about all. What I'd like to ask, if you are agreeable, to just sort of back, take a deep breath and, in your own words, just give me a narrative account filling in the details that certainly the report doesn't have. Can you do that now?
Yes, I'd be glad to. (Fine) Col. Gaduc(?), I believe, that came up and he had one of the standard forms that he wanted filled out. It was just a questionnaire form and I just answered the questions to the best of my ability.
Well, those questionnaires are certainly helpful in many respects, but I find that in my own work with the UFO problem that I like to start with just the narrative account of what happened. What a person was and what happened.

- page 14 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed document or transcript.

he saw and that sort of thing, and then, after you do that, I would like to ask a few questions:

Okay, sir, I'd be glad to.

By the way, to save me the trouble of making a lot of pencil notes, do you have any objection if I put on my own little tape recorder just for my own purposes only. 

No sir, not at all.

Okay.  All right, shoot.

Well, I work for a bank and outside collector, an accounts adjustor, and I was on my way home on a Friday evening at approximately 8 o'clock I made my last call and this is how I'm familiar with the time.  I was proceeding east on Highway 91, which was later determined to be 11.7 miles west of Newton, Georgia.

What was the night like? the weather?

The weather was very clear, there were many bright stars out.

Was there any moonlight?

Yes, there was some, but I couldn't tell you the position of the moon, to save my life.

I can look that up.

I crossed Notch-away Creek, just a local creek down here. I crossed the bridge on this creek and started into a sharp curve which veered to the left and topped a little hill. As I topped the hill and started into the curve I saw this light. I didn't see it come down or fly sideways, or anything, but I just saw it sitting above the road. At the time I first sighted it it was maybe 150 to 200 feet in front of the car. 

Was it at that time, estimating distances is always difficult, did it at

- page 15 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a text-based document, likely an old Project Blue Book report.

Text extracted from the document:

"No sir, it didn't. It was always over the middle of the road, possibly 50-75 feet off the ground.

You had to look then, did you have to look through the top part of your windshield or middle or how? 

Well, it was towards the upper portion of the windshield.

So you were looking up and the object was against the sky then.

Right.

Okay, when you say it was white, was it a uniform white, or was it fuzzy at the edges, or what?

It was sort of a yellowish-white, I guess similar to the sun on a bright day; the outer edges seemed to have a fuzzy texture to them, it was nothing that was very clear cut and defined.

Now, was the...did you at any time see an object connected with it or was it always just a light.

It was always just a very large light. I never could see any metallic surface or definite characteristics ...

Yes, this occurs, your report as strange and unusual as it is, is by no means . . . doesn't stand by itself; there have been many other cases like it reported, and I'm, of course, in my own work searching for patterns between various cases. Okay, please go ahead.

Well, the first thing that I noticed was before I actually sighted the light, was the fact that my radio, WCKY in Cincinnati completely faded into static, which is very unusual because I can usually pick it up very clearly at night. But before I had tried to adjust my radio to may be find a station again I saw this light, and I first noticed the light there."

- page 16 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document containing a transcript or written record of an interview.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text found in the document is as follows:

seemed to be a beam that came from the lower middle portion of the light down to the car; the beam was of a whiter nature.she if you know what I mean.

H - Did it appear as though the beam was directed at the car?

J That was the impression that I got. Now, here again, I was, I guess, so frightened that it's hard to distinguish exactly what was happening, but this is the impression that I got, that the beam was shined down to the car.

H Now, at the time, were there any other cars on the road?

J No sir, there was not. This, too, is something that is kind of interesting because I've been by that particular place several times since and there's always a car either in sight behind me or in front of me, but on this particular night there was none.

H Let me ask you about the brightness. How would you compare it, to say, a street light a block away, or how close would you have to hold a flashlight to your eyes to have it appear the same brightness?

J Well, now the brightness is kind of very interesting in that it lit up the road and the ditches and, you know, the trees on the sides of the road, yet I could look directly at it and it didn't hurt my eyes.

H I see.

J It was light enough to light up the area, but yet it was not bright enough to be harmful to my eyesight.

H Was that, was the beam that was projected from it, brighter or dimmer than the main body?

J The beam, I don't know, it was kind of strange; I wasn't actually looking directly into the beam. The beam seemed to be coming a little below my eye level.

- page 17 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing handwritten text.

Vision, if you know what I mean. It was more or less shining at the front or maybe hood portion of my car rather than in the window itself.
H   I see. How narrow or how wide would you say the beam was?
J   Approximately 5 to 6 feet, the width of the car.
H   And were the edges of the beam sharp or fuzzy? They were very defined, just similar to a flashlight or spotlight beam. 
J   I see, it was certainly interesting. Well, okay, please (Keep interrupting)
H   But please go ahead with your story.
J   Well, at the time, this beam seemed to reach down and touch my car, the engine failed and this was noted first by the oil light indicator coming on inside the car, or the generator light, and I mashed the accelerator and the car did not respond at all and so I put on the brakes. I found stopping and steering the car very difficult, the car having power steering and power brakes.
H   What model car is it, by the way?
J   '67 Ford custom.
H   So you, it is not a car you'd not expect to have difficulties with, I should imagine.
J   No sir, I'd never had any similar difficulties like this before.
H   Now, I'm interested to know that:I would say well over a hundred cases of engine stoppage. I'm trying to track down just the manner in which it .. is it sudden, does it sputter, does it slowly die or what?
J   It seemed to just cut off, as if I had possibly turned it off myself, but I'll explain later why I don't feel that I turned it off myself. When the engine died I stopped the car with the brakes, which was, like I
said, very difficult.

- page 18 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a document containing text only.

Here is the text transcribed from the image:

said, difficult by the power brakes, the power steering not being 
functionally. The impression that I got was that the outside beam, you 
know, the headlight, went out too, but under this situation, looking back, 
i don't know how I knew this. If the road was lit up, I don't know how 
I knew that my lights went out, but in the preliminary report I stated 
the lights did go out and radio did completely cut off.
That you are certain of, the radio did actually, completely cut out. 
Yes. After I stopped the car, I didn't make any motion to get out of the 
car and leave. I guess I was just frozen from fright, and it was a most 
harrowing experience. I sat there and observed no change in the light 
for approximately two to three minutes; this is just a wild guess, just an 
estimate.
It was still, you estimate, what did you say, 50 or 75 feet above the 
road?
Yes, and approximately the same distance in front of the car at the time 
I was stopped.
So that you would have been looking up then, at about a 45 degree angle.
Yes. I was actually leaning forward a little bit to look up at it.
And after sitting there, for approximately two or three minutes, the object 
changed color and the beam visibly receded, slowly back up into the main 
body of light.
You mean, you could see the bottom , I don't want to put words in your 
Mouth here.
It seemed like, yes, sort of like withdrawing a gangplank or something. 
It seemed like that you could actually see the bottom of the light, the 
end of the beam itself, going back up into the main body of light.

- page 19 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image is a page of text from an old UFO report document.

The text found in the document is as follows:

Now this has been, this also has been reported. Let me ask you, I don't mean to get personal, but how much on UFO's have you read in the past?
Very little. I'd never been interested in them much, I never believed in them, to be honest with you. I had never . . .
The reason I asked you, is that if a person had read books quite a bit he would be familiar with the, this retraction of the light. This does occur, it's something that is most difficult for our physics to understand, because we can't conceive of any way in which a light beam can be refracted like a ladder, and yet this has appeared, occurred many time, or reported to have occurred many times. Well now, I'm very much interested in the details, any details you can give me of whether the light pulsating, changing intensity, was it moving, was it completely steady, or what?
Well, there isn't seem to be any pulsating light from where I was standing, I mean, you know, where I was sitting there in the car. It seemed to be just a constant, I don't know how to say it, it seemed to be a rolling type light; I mean, it was a constant light, but yet it was, it looked kind of rough. It was acutally sparkling, but yet it seemed to be just a quivering type light, if you know what I mean.
I see, sort of a scintillating, in a way.
Right, yea' air.
Now, one important thing that I haven't asked you, is, how much of your, suppose you had taken a pencil or crayon and drawn on your windshield from you normal seating position, you'd drawn the outline of that light, how much, how big a spot on the windshield do you think you would have drawn?
Just right off, I would guess that it would have been possibly 12 inches.

- page 20 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a typed document with a transcript of a conversation or interview.

The text in the document is as follows:

H Now, how did compare in apparent size, how much of the sky did it block out as compared to the amount of sky that the full moon blocks out?
J The full moon, you mean the moon at its own distance. 
H Yes, as you see the moon on the sky it cuts off a portion of the sky.
J Well this particular light would cut out quite a bit more, a lot more than the moon would.
H One thing I often ask is if you held your thumb out at arm's length, would it have covered it? 
J No sir, it would not.
H Now, how about the whole hand held out? at arm's length. If fact, try it now. Your hand held at arm's length covers up a (I'm doing it now too) covers up quite a good-sized chunk of the sky. You hold your hand straight out at arm's length.
J With your fingers pointing upward?
H Yes, with your fingers pointing upward and take the whole palm of your hand for instance, that cuts out a fair section of the sky.
J With my hand held at arm's length, fingers pointed upward, it would just about cover from the top to the bottom and it leave a portion of each side visible.
H I see, that gives me a pretty good idea then, of how, in other words, it's a sizable thing.
When the engine was dead and there were no other cars passing, did you hear any noise at all?
J None whatsoever. There was no noise at all. I think one of the most significant things, as far as I'm concerned, I mean one of the things that

- page 21 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old report or document, likely related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

Transcription of the text in the document:

intrigued me the most is this change in color and then the very high rate of speed. It changed from this sort of yellowih-white color to a bright, reddish, reddish-orange color. And these aren't actual colors, I don't think, but this is my explanation of them, sort of a reddish-orange, very bright, much brighter than it had been, and at this point the beam slowly receded, and it changed colors, brightened in intensity, this is where it moved straight upward at a very high rate of speed, and my brother is in the Navy, in the Naval Air Reserve. I've been out and watched these just fly, phantom jets and all this, I've seen them hit afterburn, and they are fast, but this object moved, this light, moved much faster than anything that I have ever experienced before in my life.

When you say straight up, do really mean straight up, or at any sort of an angle?

It seemed to me to go just as straight up as it could go. And it seemed to be moving so fast that it just completely went out of possible eye-sight, in a matter of seconds. I leaned forward on the steering wheel and watched it go up--and here is something else that is rather confusing to me--when I sat back in the seat the car was creeping forward, the engine was running, the car was still in drive the radio was playing, the lights were on.

So you didn't have to start the engine again.

I do not recall restarting the engine. This is where I have the most ridicule. Now this is where people, they where up to this point they may have believed what I was telling them, when I tell them this, then they say well, you're just a crazy fool. A lot of them will walk off, but I don't.

- page 22 -

There is no photograph present in this image, which appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report. The image contains only text, which I will proceed to transcribe:

MEMO FOR THE RECORD
Subj: Telephone call, 25 Nov 63 re UFO Sighting 
Captain Major of Base Ops, Moody AFB, called and spoke with 2d Lt Marano on 25 November 1963. A Mr. B. observed a UFO on 22 November 2005 local, 0105Z 10 miles west of Newton. The sighting had not been reported to the Air Force. An interview on the UFO sighting was made by WAHL TV of Albany on 23 November. The vehicle hovered 50 ft off the ground, three off a very bright light, cut electricity in his car, object left straight up with no noise. Captain Major wanted to know what he should do about it. It Marano said that according to SAFOI we do not investigate second hand reports and should not go out and investigate, however, we would appreciate it if Captain Major sent newscliping[sic] on the sighting to Wright-Patterson. Do not stir it up.
Approximately one hour later Captain Major called back. Capt Major it was going to be released by UPI that information on the sighting was going to be sent to the Project Blue Book Office at Wright-Patterson. The information office told the UPI that it was going to Wright-Patterson. Col Quintanilla informed Captain Major that they had no right to tell the UPI that it was going to be sent to Wright-Patterson because it was a second hand report and that they had better get on the line and tell SAFOI what had happened. Col Quintanilla told him that if they told the UPI that they were going to investigate it then they had better not just out and investigate it. Capt Major said it was not him that goofed but Information office. Col Quintanilla told him that he had better get the Information Office people to get together with the Office of Information in Washington and let them know what they are going to do about the Case. Col Quintanilla requested that Capt Major call Col Quintanilla tomorrow (26 Nov 63) and let us know what action they have taken.

- page 23 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old document, likely from Project Blue Book, containing text only.

Text from the document:

do not consciously recall starting the engine or turning the lights back on, turning the radio on, or anything. And the car was in drive and this particular car will not crank in drive.

H  : Yes, you can't start it in drive. 

J : It would have been necessary for me to have put it in park, cranked it, put it back in drive, all subconsciously, and I just frankly don't believe this happened.

H : You're raising this point about other peoples opinions. I'm always interested in how other people regard this. Has this bothered you, affected your life any, or do you find you talk about it much, or not at all, or how?

J : Well, I've run into the two groups of people. One is the people that, well, they think I'm the complete nut, just a complete crackpot, and I talk very little to these people when I find out this is the attitude. I just sort of let it drop and walk off. And then there's the other school of people that are very, they're all very interested in this, and they ask a lot of questions from an interesting and very courteous standpoint. These are the people that I thoroughly enjoy talking with, because I've got a lot to learn about this stuff. I don't know anything.

H : Well, there's no one that does, you see. This is it, it's such a, the whole thing seems to incredible that it seems much easier, you know, for many people not to believe it and not to take it seriously because it means less work for them, but the reports such as this now come in from many, many countries over a period of years, and it is, at least for me, impossible now any longer to doubt them. Let me ask a little bit about your own background. How long have you lived in that community?

- page 24 -

There is no photograph present in this image. However, the image contains text that appears to be part of a transcript or document. I will proceed to extract and output all the text found in the document:

Well, we have been living here in Albany since '61.
When you say we, whose we?
Well, my mother and father and little sister and I moved here in '61, 
and went my Junior and Senior year in high school here in Albany High
School, then I went to George Tech College in Atlanta.  Then I got married
in August of '67, and my wife and I are both from this area, so we
decided to settle and build our home here.  And we buying our home out on
the east side of town.
So that it looks to me like that you have a solid reputation behind you.
Well, I've been Director of the local Jaycee organization, and this type
thing.  I'm not saying that this makes me the All-American Boy but I am
proud of the reputation that I do have in this area, and I consider
myself a half-way intelligent and half-way logical person.
Well, you certainly could this way.
That's why I don't like to talk to these people that are trying to pile
ridicule on me because I don't think that I deserve this; I didn't ask
this light or object or whatever it is to come down and come near me and
Well, you know, there are many who, I've been told later, when they
finally get enough courage, they will tell me that they didn't want to
report to anybody for quite a while because they feared this ridicule. 
People are very funny that way.  When people don't understand, there is a
great tendency to laugh.
Well, now let me see.  Let me go back a little bit and ask, in your
total experience, what one or maybe two things, well, let me ask you, what
impressed you the most about the whole experience?
Well, the thing, by impressed, I guess it could also be confused because

- page 25 -

There is no photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

this is impressive, it's very impressive how any light, machine or whatever, can completely stop an automobile and than more or less at will allow this machine to start back functioning.

That does seem, I admit that I have no, nor do I think would any automotive engineer, understand how this could happen.  Who was the first person you told this to?

Well, I first drove the 14 miles to Newton and I stopped there and called the local sheriff, and told him I had something to report, but I didn't know exactly how to report it.  So he said, just tell me about it, so I did, and the only expression he had was, "Damn.  I'm glad it happened to you and not me.  I'm sorry but I can't help you." And he hung up the phone.

Well, at least he wasn't too discourteous.

And so, I saw that I wasn't going to get any help from this guy, so I then drove to Albany and went to the Sheriff's department there and the one feeling that I can recall, was such a feeling of lonliness.  I wanted anybody, I wanted to talk to somebody and tell them what I'd seen.  I mean, this was something that you don't want to just keep to yourself.  You cannot keep it to yourself really.  I mean, I think, if anybody did, witness something like I did and did not say anything to anybody, within a very short while I feel that it drive them more-or-less out of their mind, really.

I think this is what finally makes people report, even if they said that they weren't going to, because they, their own curiosity and their, also, sort of sense of duty in some cases.  I know, I appreciate it when people do talk to me seriously about, because part of my job is to try to find out.

- page 26 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page of text from an old UFO report document.

The text output is as follows:

out what's behind all this. And I now feel convinced that we won't find out what's behind it unless we attack the problem much more seriously that have so far.

Well, one of these serious people I'm talking about that will actually sit down and seem very interested in this brought the Post, I believe it was Dec. 17, 1966. It had an article by you in it, and I found this article to be most interesting. Now as a matter of fact, you might have that Post handy; if you do, if you'll look on the front cover . .

I don't have it handy, but I remember the front cover pretty well.

There's, I think it's an artist's conception, of two UFO's. If you will take the largest of those two and blot out the green lights that seem to be around the oval, you pretty well have the last sighting that I saw.

You say, last sighting, what do you mean?

Well, just before it disappeared.

Oh, I see, the last sighting of this.

Right, the last picture I saw/before it went out of sight. It was a large oval shaped orangish-red color.

Well, that's very interesting. Now, let's see. You then, I forgot whether you go much satisfaction from the second Sheriff.

Yea?, he was very, the Sheriff's dept. here in Albany was very interested in the situation. As a matter of fact, while I filling out a preliminary report for them, they called the local television station, and, oh, I've gotten some wonderful publicity. The TV crew came down and filmed an interview, the local newspaper was very nice to put a very nice writeup in the paper.

Well, I'm very glad that you didn't get ridiculed by them.

- page 27 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, containing text describing a UFO sighting report.

J Well, at first, the television reporter thought that he'd had a nut on his hands, but the more I talked to him, the more he saw that I had seen something. Now, I couldn't tell him what I'd seen, I mean I could explain it, but I couldn't tell him what it was, but he became very interested in it; at first, he set about trying to disprove the theory, I mean, of what I'd seen, and so he called the FAA, the Naval Air Station, and every military installation within a 100 miles and he called the local airport and all airports within a 100 miles trying to pinpoint some aircraft in this area. And he was never able to do so.
H Well, that's very interesting.
J The only thing he could find was a helicopter en route from Alabama to Albany, which was traveling on a line approximately 20 miles north of the area that I was in. And that's the closest aircraft that he could ever pinpoint near me. The FAA said there was no aircraft within this 20 mile range.
H Well, I think that you would have recognized an ordinary aircraft.
J Oh yes, I feel sure that I would have. This boy tried to, he said it was maybe one of these jets that was taking some strobe light photography, that just as came over me I saw one of the strobe lights and then he hit afterburner, and that produced the red glow. He tried to explain it every way he could, but the Navy didn't have any planes in the air at that time, so that sort of ruled it out.
H Yes, I would think so.
J He tried every way to explain it for me, I think, actually, on a very, he was very nice about it. But then since he couldn't explain it, he did the best he could to report what he had.

- page 28 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a transcript of a conversation or document related to a UFO sighting.

Text from the document:

Well, that was good.
And he did come up with two coon hunters, two people that were coon hunting nearby, that did observe this strange light, for possibly an hour. Well, I wish we could get hold of them.
Now, I can give you the name of one of these hunters, but I'm not sure I have his address. His name is Bryan Glass and he was hunting nearby and from the reports that I've been able to get, by the grapevine from him, he says that they watched this object for approximately an hour and that it moved up and then it would go down; it would go straight across for a while and it would rise and fall again.
You know, it would be tremendously helpful if you could find the time somehow to talk to them and without telling him too much about what you saw, make sure in your own mind that he did really see the same thing, because this would give us an additional witness, here, which would be very important. Not that I, in any sense, doubt your word, but it always helps if you have an additional witness.
I do have his address. It is [redacted].
Well, suppose I write to him, but also I would like very much for you to tell him that I'm going to write to him, and try to get an independent statement from him so that, so he doesn't merely repeat something that you tell him, so to speak, you see what I mean.
Right, I won't give him any more of my details than absolutely necessary.
Right, and if you wish, say that you're doing this for me and for the Air Force, and I'd sort of like to make you my deputy, so to speak, and if you would be kind enough to do this, I would appreciate it.
I would like very much to say this, if any where in this particular area many sightings take place, you might be able to locate other witnesses, so to speak, for the benefit of our records. And I would appreciate it very much if you could do this for me.

- page 29 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing handwritten text.

As an OCR system, I will produce the following text found in the document:

Of the country, if you should ever like for me to help you in any way, conduct any interviews, I would like very much to pursue this entire subject.

Well good, I will certainly keep this very much in mind, because every once in a while, well, I like to have people in various parts of the country, so that when something comes up in that area I can call on them to get me a first hand report as soon as possible, you see, before things get cold.

Yes sir. Well I'd like to pursue the subject because it's the most amazing thing that has ever happened to me, I assure you.

I suppose I should ask you some routine questions, such as when were you, when did you last have any illness, or what is the general state of your health, and are you happily married I think that sort of stuff?

Well, very happily married. I have the flu so that's my last major illness. I've had ha the flu for the last three days and I think I've just about beat it.

At the time of the sighting, what was the state of your health?

At the time of the sighting I guess it had been 2 years or more since I had been anywhere near seriously ill.

Well, then, I'm not worried about that aspect of it, anyway. I'm sure that I feel that you wouldn't have any reason whatsoever for perpetrating a hoax, there's no need to.

No sir, it's been kind of funny. Everybody, well not everybody, will but several people have asked me how much money have you made off it yet? I haven't made any money and I don't intend to; now I believe I could come up with a better money-making scheme anyway if I wanted to.

- page 30 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a UFO report from Project Blue Book.

Oh, I would think so, yes-
Because I don't know anybody who'd want to come here and pay me to tell
him a wild story, but this is something that everybody thinks that you may
be out after something for nothing, but this is the furthest thing from
my mind because it's just - - I felt like I needed to report it to somebody
and I had no idea at the time that it would go anywhere near this far.
I never thought the Air Force would ever be involved, I didn't really
know, for this had really never crossed my mind. And I appreciate people
like you in your position taking your valuable time to give me the time
of day, because . - -
I'm very much interested in this and I'm hoping that those of us who are
really and truly scientifically interested in it will be able to get some
answers of these days, because it bothers me to have this - these
reports continue to come in, and nothing ever really done about it. One
other/thing I wanted to ask, when You first say the light, was it in
motion? The picture I get now is that you suddenly see the light and it's
standing still. How did it get there?
I have no idea. As I said, I topped a little rise in the road and started
into a real sharp curve and just came upon it.
And there it was, so to speak.
Yes sir. I feel sure that it was obscured by the trees prior to the time
that I actually say it. There's very tall pine trees on each side of
road in this particular area.
Let's see now, give me another estimate, at the time that it was closest
to you, or you were closest to it, how far away would you estimate it
would have to be a guess, of course, but how far away did it seem to you

- page 31 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a UFO report document, containing a transcript of a conversation between two individuals, referred to as "H" and "J".

The transcript of the text found in the document is as follows:

Well, it appeared to be very close. I've always said in all of these reports between 50 to 75feet in front of me and approximately the same distance from the ground.

One other way of looking at this, the trees that were lighted up we could measure and find out which tree was the most brightly lighted and get the distance that way. Were the trees right to the side or you or to the front of you most

There were in the front of me that . . the trees that were brightest lighted were a little to the front and, of course, to the left and right of the road.

Is it a fairly thickly wooded area where you were going through?

Yes sir, actually this whole creek bottom that is very thickly wooded and then, of course, I had just passed this area and there is land, just recently, I would say in the last 3 to 5 years, broken up into farm land.

Where are the, how close are the nearest houses?

Approximately a mile to two miles.

I see, so it's not exactly a populated area?

No sir, it's very sparsely populated.

Was there much wind that night, I don't know that that makes any difference.

As far as I can recall, Dr. Hynek, there was no wind hardly at all, to speak of.

Okay. I don't know which questions are the important ones to ask, but I try to get as complete a picture. Is there anything you feel you could add now, or, now that you've had some time to think about this whole thing, how does it appear to you today? You're apparently just as puzzled, but

- page 32 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a document containing a typed transcript of a conversation or interview about a reported UFO sighting.

The text found in the document is as follows:

does it, well, I didn't ask you also, just really how frightened you were. What were you thinking about at the time as it happened? Well, at the time happened, I'll have to say that I was more frightened than I've ever been before in my life. The very strong impression prevailed that I was being observed, if you no what I mean?

That's what I also wanted to ask, as to whether you felt that the thing, so to speak, knew you were there. 

You're dealing here I think, with maybe ESP or spiritualism, but I felt that this was some type of craft, some type of aircraft, that was controlled by some intelligent being. Now, I have no idea whether this was possibly some aircraft that our government was testing or whether it was some foreign government--Russian, Chinese or what not--of whether it was Martian. I have no idea. 

But still you speak in terms of a craft, but the fact remains that all that was visible to you was a light.

Right.

So that this happened many times before. The people say, well, no, all I saw was a light, but I think the light was attachedd to something.

Well, it seemed to be a self-illuminating object, if that makes any sense. It didn't seem to be reflective, and yet it didn't seem to be a light that was coming from way off somewhere else. It seemed to be a very close self-illuminating object. I mean, this was the source of light itself.

Well, now one thing I should ask was the light intensity uniform over the whole thing or did it dim out toward the edges.

It seemed to be# dimmer toward the edges. The edges were, like I said, kind of fuzzy; they were not clearly defined.

- page 33 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force, likely related to a UFO sighting.

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STATE MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AFIN: 59863 (2DEC68) T/RM
ACTION: RDC-4, INFO: XOP-2, XOX-2 SAFOS-3, DIA-1(13) ADV OI DIA/JCS

SMB B135 PTLTYUW RUCLENA3180 3371945-UUUU--RUEFLGA.
ZNR UUUUU
P 02 1932Z DEC 68
FM MOODY AFB GA
TO RUMSFVA/ADC-32ND AIR DIV
RUVAD A/FTD WPAFB/TD DT-UFO
RUEFLGA/CSAF/APFDC
RUEFLGA/OSAF/SAF-OI
ET
UNCLAS OT
SUBJECT: UFO
A. DESCRIPTION OF THE OBJECT:
(1) OBLONG SHAPED LIGHT.
(2) 40 TO 50 YARDS WIDE.
(3) WHITE
(4) ONE
(5) N/A
(6) NO DEFINED EDGES, APPEARED TO BE NON-TRANSPARENT.
RESEMBLED A ROUNDED FOOTBALL ON ITS SIDE.
(7) NONE

AFHQ JAN 68 O-309C

UNCLASSIFIED

- page 34 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains only text.

H Was there, did you notice any smell in the area after it had left?
J To be perfectly honest with you I didn't see any smell around long enough to find out. I blew the radiator on my car going to Albany. Let's put it this way, when I got to Albany the water was just pouring out of my radiator. 
H And a 67 Ford at that.
J Whether the beam, somebody said, well may be the beam had something to do with it. Well, I don't know, but I know I drove between 105 and 110 all the way to Albany. Well, I drove the 11 miles at that speed, then I stopped; then I drove 22 miles to Albany at that speed. And when I got to Albany the car was pouring water out the bottom.
H I can certainly see why. Did you ever check the battery? We've had some reports that the batteries have badly damaged in such encounters.
J Well, the battery hasn't shown any damage since this night. The entire electrical system and engine and everything has functioned 100% since then.
H Well, this is most interesting account and I hope you'll be willing in case I should have any other questions later to come back to you abit. And certainly I will hope very much that if anything else comes up in that area I can call on you. Also, please now, I really mean this, I do hope you'll check some other try and find the other hunter, because every your experience is such a good one, and you're obviously such an intelligent nature that you're account is, well it hangs together; it's not a vague account by any means. So, I'm all the more interested in getting you to talk with Maxwell and seeing what you can find out from him.
J I'll be most happy to.

- page 35 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It appears to be a transcript of a conversation or document related to the Project Blue Book, a historic U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

H And check the times too. See whether the times agree, more or less.
J Yes. One thing that to me is kind of interesting is that, the fact that Apollo 8 just came back from the Moon and I feel that out of all this vast universe of ours, we have a small sun, actually, compared to other stars, the earth is a small planet compared to some other planets, and all that kind of compare, so why we should we be so special self-centered, 
Dr. Hynek, to think that maybe we're the only intelligent creatures in the world.
H Well, I think most astronomers would feel that we are not. That the probabilities are very, very high that we are by no means, the only ones. The problem, of course, we see no way in which these intelligenseseas could get here. But then, when we realize that in the last 100 years we've come from covered wagons to Apollo spacecraft, other civilizations may be millions of years ahead of us.
J Well, that's the question that I have. Who's to say that maybe we're the furtherest advanced of any creatures, some planets out there in another solar system of something. Maybe they've completed some way of traveling in time without suffering the aging process or something. Now this is something that I've read in some articles, I think, this may have been in your article, but who's to say how far other planets have advanced.
H Well, that's a very, very strong possibility, and I think as an astronomer, most astronomers would simply agree that there's no reason whatsoever for our thinking that we are the most advanced.
J Have you every by chance, run into a book called Interrupted Journey?
H Oh, yes.
J That is most interesting, isn't it?

- page 36 -

The provided image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old document, possibly a UFO report from Project Blue Book. The text on the page appears to be a dialogue or conversation discussing the "Incident at Exeter" and related topics.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, the text from the document is as follows:

Yes it is. I know Mr. Fuller quite well, and his Incident at Exeter which I think you should read is available in paper back, describes an experience rather similar to yours. It's called Incident at Exeter.
Yes, I saw this, I believe, on the cover sheet of this other book.
Yes, if you can pick that up at the library or in a paperback, I suggest you read it.
HAS this account in Interrupted Journey, has this been more or less completely substantiated?
Well, it's substantiated as a hard thing to say; it's been substantiated in the effect that no one thinks these people were liars, or hoaxters, but there just is no explanation.
Right. It is one of the unexplained, then.
Yes. We'd have to have more reports like it and see what patterns there are, what similarities there are. This is why I'm tracking down these cases in which cars stopped, because we have enough of those cases now to try to put the pieces together. Well, I tell you what Mr. Jones, it's been very enjoyable talking to you, and I think that you and I will keep in touch ..
I'm sure we'll will. I'll be most happy to possibly talk to the over this weekend.
Well, this would be fine. Please do send me the account, and let's try to get as much out of this case .. I think this case can be of considerable value to science, so let's keep digging at it, and if you come up with any recollections of additional things, that you, that come to mind that somehow slipped, please let me know.
Let me put your address down here in case my wife didn't keep it when she didn't.

- page 37 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document containing text. I will now act as an OCR system and produce the text found in the document:

mailed that letter.
All right, sure. It's simply Dearborn Observatory, or simply the Dept. 
of Astronomy, Northwestern University, Evanston, Ill. 60201.
I'll possibly be up in that area on vacation next summer.
Well, drop in by all means, and we'll talk about some other cases.
I'd love to come in and talk with you.  I have some relatives up in the
Illinois area and if I'm anywhere near by I will most certainly be in
touch with you and drop by and have a chat with you.
Good, and I will call on you if there are any cases that come up in your
general area.  How close to Atlanta is Albany?
I am about 175 miles from Atlanta.
Which direction? 
South, southwest.  I am approximately 80 miles from the Florida line and
maybe 75 miles from the Alabama line.  I'm down in the southwest corner
of the good old state of Georgia.  And we'd love to have you come visit
us here sometime.
Well, if you cook up, I shouldn't say cook up, wrong word, if a legitimate
case occurs down there again, maybe I will come down.
I'd love to have you. Thank you very much for your call Dr.
Well, thank you also, for your cooperation and I'll be expecting to hear
from you.

- page 38 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated UFO sightings.

TOPT (UFO)
UFO Sighting of 22 November 1968 Near Newton, Georgia

Public Information Office
Fort Rucker, Alabama 36362

The Air Force is in receipt of a UFO report from about 12 miles west of Newton, Georgia on Route 91 (approximately 8 miles W 0 21 h E). The sighting occurred on 22 November 1968, sometime between 2000 and 2100 hours local time (R-6-19-63-0). The observer stated that he saw a light come from the object and ignite the ground in front of his automobile. The sighting has received quite a lot of newspaper publicity and the Air Force would like to determine the stimuli.

Since the description is similar to that of a helicopter with its landing lights on, we would like to know if you had any helicopter activity in the area on the night of the sighting.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 39 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES ARMY AVIATION CENTER
FORT RUCKER, ALABAMA 36360

AJRPA                                           27 January 1969

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting of 22 November 1968 near Newton, Georgia

Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate
Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

1. Reference letter, TDPT (UFC), subject as above, undated.
2. The U.S. Army Aviation School does not conduct helicopter training in the area west of Newton, Georgia.
3. It is possible that a helicopter on a cross-country flight was in the area at the time of the reported sighting. However, the helicopter, if there was one, could have been from another installation.
4. This headquarters cannot verify the presence or absence of a helicopter in subject area at the time of a reported sighting.

WILLIAM F. GABELLA
MAJOR, TC
Public Affairs Officer

- page 40 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, an official U.S. Air Force investigation into Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AFIN: 59863
P.R 2 OF 4

A. DESCRIPTION OF COURSE OF OBJECT:
(1) LOUD STATIC ON AUTO RADIO TUNED TO A STATION THAT NORMALLY COMES IN VERY CLEAR IN THE AREA.
(2) 45 DEGREES
(3) 45 DEGREES  
(4) HELD STEADY FOR 3 OR 4 MINUTES.
(5) LIGHT CHANGED FROM WHITE-YELLOW TO A MUCH BRIGHTER REDDISHORANGE. OBJECT DEPARTED STRAIGHT UP AT A HIGH RATE OF SPEED GOING COMPLETELY OUT OF SIGHT IN 15 SECONDS. LIGHT BEAM WAS WITHDRAWN PRIOR TO DEPARTURE.
(6) 3 OR 4 MINUTES.

B. MANNER OF OBSERVATION:
(1) GROUND VISUAL
(2) NONE
(3) N/A

D. TIME AND DATE OF SIGHTING:

AFHQ FORM 0-309C
JAN 59 UNCLASSIFIED

- page 41 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book report.

Output of the text in the document:

UNCLASSIFIED

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AFIN: 59863 PG 3 of 4

(1) 21/15/20 10 SST
(2) NIGHT

PAGE 3 RUCLFNA31G0 UNCLAS 

E. LOCATION OF OBSERVER: 31 DEGREES 12 M 4DEGREES27 30 W, 11.7 
MILES WEST OF NEWTON, GEORGIA.

F. IDENTIFYING INFORMATION ON OBSERVER:
(1) AVENUE, ALBANY, GEORGIA,
UNKNOWN-OCCUPATION: OUTSIDE ACCOUNTS ADJUSTER,
OS BANK, ALBANY, GEORGIA RELIABILITY ESTIMATE: GOOD
(2) N/A

G. WEATHER AND WINDS-ALOFT CONDITIONS AT TIME AND PLACE OF SIGHTING:
(1) CLEAR NIGHT
(2) WINDS GM L/V
18" 22/08
1SM 24/20
20M 25/35
50M 27/30
80M NOT AVAILABLE
(3) NONE
(4) 15

AFHQ FORM        O-309C                  UNCLASSIFIED

- page 42 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This seems to be a page from an old document or report related to Project Blue Book, a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

UNCLASSIFIED 
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
STAFF MESSAGE BRANCH
INCOMING MESSAGE

AF IN: 59863 PG 4 OF 4
6) CLEAR
(6) NONE
(7) NO SIGNIFICANT INVERSION EXISTED.
PAGE 4 RUCLPNA31BO UNCLAS
H NONE
L NONE
J. N/A
K. MINE ASSISTANT CHIEF OF OPERATIONS DIVISION 
DODD, JOHN E., LT. COLONEL
330 PILOT TRAINING WING (OT), MOODY AFB, GEORGIA 31601
AUTOVON 432-3406
PHONE: 912 244-4059
COMMENTS: THE STATEMENTS OF THE WITNESS WERE FORTHRIGHT AND HONEST. NO CONCLUSION COULD BE REACHED BY THE INVESTIGAT INGOFFICER ON THE CAUSE OR IDENTITY OF THE STIMULUS.
EF 45180
NNNN

AFHQ FORM 0-309C UNCLASSIFIED

- page 43 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force, AFSC (Aerospace Foreign Technology Division) regarding a UFO observation on 23 November 1968.

The text contained in the document is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 23 November 1968

TO: Albany, Georgia 31224

Reference your recent unidentified flying object sighting which you reported to the Air Force. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific investigation. Request you complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the self-addressed envelope. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Techniques Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope

- page 44 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a typed letter.

Hector Quintanilla, Jr., H. Colonel, USAF 
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

Re: Your letter of 11/24 
Concerning a sighting report

Please find enclosed completed questionnaire furnished by your office.

Thank you for your effort in behalf of this most interesting experience.

Sincerely,
Albany - Apr. 3/65

- page 45 -

