PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
16 January 1968 16/230Z

2. LOCATION
Canaan, New Hampshire

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
See Case

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
See Case

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒No

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA
Sighting not reported until 7 December 1968 at which time it was too late to investigate.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
See Case File

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.

PARNEV


- page 1 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Canaan, New Hampshire, December 7, 1968

Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio.

Gentlemen:

In purchasing and reading a recent book, "U. C. for the millions", I find a strongly suggested rule that every person who sees an unknown flying object should report the incident to you.

At about 5 o'clock in the afternoon of January 15th, 1968 I stood before a south window of my home, and looking out, I saw a southward sky, a golden, in the sunset I saw an dark, lead-colored object floating low in the sky, that had the appearance of a short section of a very dark, lead-colored clouds. Intrigued by this object which seemed to be stationary. From its top a narrow line which looked like coal shape extended to its horizon, perfectly straight and a point. The strong wind noticeable movement of the object out over a tie of several minutes I could see a very slow drift to my left. A short while I looked at it through a 20-power telescope which did not change its appearance very much, it appeared slightly larger but not much closer and its surface looked like an old time, silvery, moldy balloon with a somewhat mottled surface. After a slow drift and drifting continued until it was half submerged behind the sloping horizon which is about a mile away, I turned my attention to my household work and this writing. Some fifteen or twenty minutes later I looked out again and the object was back at his first seen spot, but inverted and the smoke column was pouring out of the bottom and reading southward. It was very dark, so I could not see place on the ground as well distinct, or if had returned against the wind as more than I could understand. By that time it was growing dark and the cloud was somewhat distorted, I stood still and looked, somewhat distorted, until darkness shut out the view. The next morning the sky was clear and normal.

This incident does not tie in with any accounts of flying saucers I have read and the object did not resemble any light of a flying saucer. It did not give the appearance of being caught by flying beings but more as I might say a physical object it must have been. I have seen other such objects before but this one was a little different in its appearance in the telescope which is a physical object and material.

Respectfully submitted,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

U.S. seen about 8 P.M. January 16, 1968

As first seen - turn over

Too large in space g.
compared with tree

(Note: There appears to be some partially illegible text and handwritten notes on the page. The text is faint and some words are difficult to make out with complete certainty.)


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

U.F.O. Seen about 8 P.M. January 16, 1968

As first been - turned on

Too large in space 9.
compared with this

The rest of the text appears to be partially illegible or too faint to confidently transcribe.


- page 4 -

