PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
10 Sept 68 Evening

2. LOCATION
Miami, Florida

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Photo: (INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION)
Original negatives requested but not received.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The observer was taking time exposures of a thunderstorm.
When the negatives were developed, there was an unidentified
image on two of them.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Observed

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Not Observed

7. COURSE
N/A

8. PHOTOS
Original Negs. not received
□ No received

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ None

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph with the words "UNCLASSIFIED" and "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AFSC" on the margins. 

The photograph shows a landscape with a low building or structure in the foreground and a cloudy or smoky sky in the background. There is a triangular or diamond-shaped object suspended in the sky near the top of the image. The overall image quality is grainy and appears to be from an older document or report.

No other text is legible in the image.


- page 2 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 4581ST TACTICAL FIGHTER WING (TAC)
HOMESTEAD AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA 33020

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 01                                                   11 September 1968

SUBJECT: UFO

TO: FTD (TDETR)

1. The attached photograph is forwarded IAW AFR 80-17. Request your analysis be most expeditious because of the extremely high news interest.

2. Background: [redacted], a staff photographer for the Miami News, brought this photograph to this office today. Mr. [redacted] made the photograph the evening of 10 Sep 68. The two newsmen are interested in determining what the Air Force thinks about this photograph and will probably run an article with the picture in tomorrow's paper. Of course there will be a follow-up article as soon as the Air Force gives a report. It is because of this news interest and almost certain publication that I am forwarding this photograph as soon as possible, and requesting that you expedite the analysis. The original negative can probably be obtained if it is necessary for the analysis. This report is not being handled in the normal manner because Mr. [redacted] never saw an object. He was leaving the shutter of his camera open trying to photograph the thunderstorm. He was not watching the storm himself and did not discover anything until he developed the film today.

3. Background on the photograph: The camera was a Nikon F with a 50 mm lens and a f-stop range from 16 to 1.4. The film was Kodak Tri-X. The shutter was left open one to two minutes at an f-stop of 5.6. The camera was on a tripod and no filters were used. There was no panning. The camera was pointing almost due South according to Mr. [redacted]. It was at an angle of approximately 40 degrees from the horizon. Mr. [redacted] took 22 time exposures all with the same settings etc. Only the last two had this object in them. They were taken between 9:00 and 9:30 PM EDT (1700-1730)Z. His location was 12553 SW 27th St. in Miami (roughly 25 degrees-44 minutes North; 80 degrees-17 minutes West).


- page 3 -

4. Mr. [redacted] is in his late thirties. He has been a professional photographer for 15 years. Nine years as a free lance news photographer and six as a staff photographer for various newspapers. Since May of this year he has worked for the Miami News. The News is a reputable paper with the second largest circulation in the Greater Miami area. Mr. [redacted] has no formal education or training nor does he have any pilot experience. This is not pertinent in this case because never saw the object.

I believe Mr. [redacted] to be reliable but a little UFO controversy never hurts a photographer or the paper's circulation.

5. Please expedite your reply. Or if additional information is needed do not hesitate to contact me. I believe Mr. [redacted] is willing to help all he can. In the interim I will make no additional statements other than the fact that the photograph is undergoing analysis at the present time. The autovon for this Base is: 899-1650. My number, extension, (10), Homestead AFB, Fla. 33030.

[Signature]
ROBERT R CLOAR, 1/Lt., USAF
Assistant Wing Information Officer
Base UFO Project Officer

1 Atch: photograph


- page 4 -

10 Sept 68

19 Sept 68

Called H. Clear

H. Clear agreed to contact Mr. [redacted] and try to get Neg for the print he has. Neg and print showing UFO; also Fowler 3 points not having UFO.


- page 5 -

TDPT (UFO)

Photograph of UFO, 10 Sept 68

4351st Tactical Fighter Wing (TAC)
Attn: Lt Clear

The photograph that you forwarded in your letter of 11 September 1968 is being returned without an analysis being performed. In your telephone conversation of 19 September 1968 with Lt Marano of this office you indicated that you would attempt to obtain the original negatives. To date we have not received the negatives. A complete analysis cannot be made without the original negatives.

FOR THE COMMANDER

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 atch
B & W photo


- page 6 -

This case contains 4, 8"x10" photos and 1, 4"x5" negative.


- page 7 -

The text I can see on this document is:

UNCLASSIFIED (on the left side)
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AFSC (on the right side)
UNCLASSIFIED (at the bottom left)

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a triangular object in the sky above a building with some clouds or smoke in the background. The photograph has a grainy, vintage quality typical of documents from the 1960s.


- page 8 -

The text I can see on this document is:

UNCLASSIFIED (on the left side of the page)
FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AFSC (on the right side of the page)
UNCLASSIFIED (at the bottom right of the page)

The image appears to be a black and white photograph showing a triangular object in the sky above some buildings or structures, with clouds and sky in the background. The image is grainy and has low contrast typical of older photographic documents.


- page 9 -

The image appears to be a black and white photograph with two distinct sections:

Top section: A triangular or diamond-shaped object appears to be floating or suspended in a grainy, textured sky.

Bottom section: A building or structure with windows, with a cloudy or smoky sky/horizon in the background.

The margins of the document are marked "UNCLASSIFIED" on the left and right sides, and "FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION AFSC" on the right margin.

The image quality is low resolution and very grainy, typical of older photographic or document reproduction techniques.


- page 10 -

