The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a historical government program that investigated unidentified flying object (UFO) reports.

PROJECT 10273 RECORD
2. LOCATION: Fairborn, Ohio
13. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION. The information given to the observer was sketchy and is parts conflicting.(See p. 4.)
14. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: The observer sighted a flashing red light that turned white.
7. COURSE: E to N
8. PHOTOS: G Yes, None

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old document with a form containing questions. The text in the document reads:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: [blank]

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific point questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

TDPT (UFO)
UFO Observation, 1 April 1968

Fairborn, Ohio 45324

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object sighting. If you were a witness to this sighting, or if you have any information concerning this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the enclosed form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a scanned page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO 
ATTN OF: TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 1 April 1968

TO:
Fairborn, Ohio 45324

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 1 April 1968, would you please complete the attached questionnaire and return it to this office. Your information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Directorate of Special Weapons, Production Directorate

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a U.S. Air Force technical information document related to unidentified aerial phenomena (UFO) sightings. The document contains a questionnaire with questions and response options for the witness to fill out regarding their UFO sighting.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force a
information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have obser
Please answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give u
treated in strict confidence, and will not be used in connection with any court
conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal informa
that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
Day:__22__Month: _Apr_ Year:__68__

2. Time of day: _2:30__ (Circle One): a.m. or p.m.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object? 
NEAR FAIRBORN, O.______________City or Town_OHIO__State or Country

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours:__2___ Minutes:__5__ Seconds:__0__
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? __BY WATCH__________________
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes __X__ No _____

6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: Clear, b. Bright c. Partly Cloudy
a. NIGHT: Bright, b. Clear, c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you b. To back of you c. To your left d. To your right

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire about the sighting of an unidentified object.

Text extracted from the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One): 
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy 
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: ARTX AND BUT GLITTERED A LITTLE

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember
e. Other LIGHT WAS BRIGHT ROUND

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes No Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? Yes No Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes No Don't know
d. Change brightness? Yes No Don't know
e. Change shape? Yes No Don't know
f. Flash or flicker? Yes No Don't know
g. Disappear and reappear? Yes No Don't know

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. The image shows a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing questions and answers about a UFO sighting.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? "So, it did"

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): No

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound: "No!", b. Color: "All red, glowing on top, very bright"

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the known much of the object is covered by the match head? "All of it"

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the size of the object that you saw such as wings, propulsions, etc. and especially without trail. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

The output from the OCR system would be:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? So, it did
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): Yes
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One): No
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: a. Sound: No!, b. Color: All red, glowing on top, very bright
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with the known much of the object is covered by the match head? All of it
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch the size of the object that you saw such as wings, propulsions, etc. and especially without trail. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page of the old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a form with questions and checkboxes, but no photograph.

Transcribing the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? 
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 150 YDS

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One): a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): 
a. In the business section
b. In the residential section
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following: 
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. East c. Northeast d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _3.5-60b_miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No 
g. Theodolite Yes No
h. Other LITTLE STATIC

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words the object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the one you observed.
LIKE A FIRE WITH SMOKE
BUT CIRCULAR

- page 8 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a sketch or diagram. The sketch appears to be of an object or objects in the sky, with various angles and directions indicated. There is also a compass rose or wind rose diagram in the image.

Transcribing the text in the document:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curve show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the curve to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the start of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
STEADY ABOUT 2 SECONDS TIRES ERRATIC + 4 CIRCLE RO

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were moving.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a report or document, likely part of the Project Blue Book UFO investigation.

The text in the document reads as follows:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so, give date and location.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself. 
NAME Last name, First name, Middle
ADDRESS Street, City, State, Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE SEX

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which may be relevant.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Apr 6 OAF 68
Month Day Year

- page 10 -

