PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
9 Aug 68
STANDARD/235602

2. LOCATION
SELMA, CALIFORNIA

3. SOURCE
CIVILIAN

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
TWO

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
TWENTY SECONDS

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
GROUND-VISUAL

7. COURSE
WEST

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

10. CONCLUSION
POSSIBLE AIRCRAFT

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The observer sighted an object that would resemble 2 disk-shaped blades glued together. The object was sighted for 20 seconds and disappeared heading West.

COMMENTS: The observer stated that he was close to an airfield. Of the four people in the car at the time only his little sister (7½ years old) also saw the object.


- page 1 -

Selma, California 93662
August 25, 1968

Dr. Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Air Force Research and Development Command
Foreign Technology Division
Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

Dear Sir:

On Friday, 9 August, 1968, while travelling north on Highway 99 just north of Selma, California, my sister called my attention to what she saw, a helicopter moving parallel to our car about 10 miles (or less) away. Upon coming to a stop, I noticed that it did not resemble a helicopter nor any other conventional aircraft. After about twenty (20) seconds, the object suddenly took off at great speed straight on and disappeared from sight.

I thought about the object and its strange flight characteristics for a while, and arrived at the conclusion that it was a UFO and should be reported to the Air Force. Therefore, I am writing you to report my sighting in full. Enclosed is a facsimile of your official UFO report form (number TID 164, dated October, 1962) with the questions answered to the best of my ability.

Yours truly,

[Signature redacted]

Enclosures


- page 2 -

UFO SIGHTING REPORT

Date: Friday, 9 August, 1968
Time: 0650 -07 (a.m.)

Location at time of sighting: Northbound lane, Highway 99, close to the Quinn Company plant (Quinn CATERPILLAR), Selma, California (Fresno County)

Total duration of sighting: Twenty (20) seconds
I can certain of this, since I read my wristwatch for reference. YES, the object was in sight continuously.

Sky condition: Bright (daylight)
Sun location: In back of me (east)
Weather conditions: CLOUDS--scattered, in the East only HAZY--Day

Appearance of object: Solid
Sharply outlined

The object suddenly sped up and rushed away.
The object did NOT move behind anything, at any time.
The object did NOT move in front of anything at any time.
It was approaching the moon (which was in the western sky) at the time of its disappearance.
The object made no sound that I could hear (being so distant).
The object was predominately gray, with a small white area on top, resembling a dome.

I'm sorry, I do not understand question 15, concerning the angular size; therefore, I am unable to answer it.
Descriptive picture below:

I'm sorry, I cannot estimate the object's speed.
I estimate the object's distance from me to have been no more than 10 miles.

At the time of the sighting, I was in a car, on a highway, in one lane--yes, near an airfield (the one belonging to the 9th Op. BEAN).

Our car was moving north at a speed of 45-50 miles per hour (we were pulling a trailer).
We did NOT stop at any time while I was looking at the object.

I observed the object through window glass at first. Then, I rolled the window down slightly.

If you were to glue two disk-shaped blades together, edge-to-edge, and hang this assembly in the sky, it would resemble the object.
The object was about 20 degrees above the horizon at all times and


- page 3 -

UFO Report, page 2
Selma, California 93662

was moving from due west to less than west-northwest.

There was only one object, moving north in a straight line.
No, I have never seen this object before.

Yes, there were others with me at the time of the sighting.
In there, only one, my sister, saw the object.

Names and addresses: [Redacted sections]

I might also add that I am 14 years old and a sophomore at Selma High School, majoring in pre-engineering.

Personal data:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: Selma, California 93662
AGE: 14 years, Sex: Male

This is the first report of this sighting that I have made.

This questionnaire was completed 25 August, 1966.
The questions were taken from the book "Flying Saucers", by UFO and Cowles Communication, Inc., which contains a facsimile of the official U.S. Air Force UFO Report Form (number 164), dated October, 1962).

Please reply to this communication.


- page 4 -

