PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 26 Feb 68 27/0101Z
2. LOCATION: Irvington, New York
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Two
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 5 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: NSW to NW
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION: Possible (HOT AIR BALLOON)
COMMENTS: The description is consistent with that of a hot air balloon.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
The observer sighted two yellowish lights. The main one was twice as bright as a bright star and one was to the right and smaller. The smaller one pulsated at various times during the observation. The object first traveled toward the SW then turned and headed NW.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

I think that everything was
nicely covered in this questionnaire.

IF YOU SENT A LETTER AND
QUESTIONNAIRE TO MY FATHER,
YOU MAY RECEIVE A SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT
REPLY BECAUSE HE LEFT FOR
ABOUT 2 MINUTES IN THE MIDDLE
OF THE SIGHTING TO GET HIS CAR
FROM THE GARAGE.

(Note: This appears to be page 9 of 9 pages, as indicated at the bottom right of the document)


- page 2 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 43433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 25 or 26 February 1968

TO: [Redacted]
Ardsley, New York 10502

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object.

If you were a witness to a UFO sighting on 25 or 26 February 1968 would you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope


- page 3 -

SAF-OIC/Miss Turner/T526/Mar. 5, 1968

MAR 8 1968

Dear [redacted],

This will reply to your letter of February 26, 1968, in which you described an unidentified flying object (UFO) that you and your father observed.

Without additional information, we cannot offer an explanation of the UFO you saw. However, if you will complete the attached questionnaire and mail it in the inclosed envelope, our technical people at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base will be able to investigate further and make an evaluation.

Should you ever sight another UFO, please report it as soon as possible to the nearest Air Force base. Each base has a UFO investigator, who is in a better position to make an on-the-spot investigation which usually results in a more accurate analysis.

In the meantime, we are sending you some literature that may help you identify the sighting. Thank you for reporting it to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

DAVID L. STILES
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments
Mr. [redacted]
Ardsley, New York 10502

SAF-OIC

[Signatures]

Coord Cy - SAF-OIC
Cmk Cy - SAF-OIC
Activity Cy - SAF-OIC
Reader Cy - SAF-OIC
Cheyback -

cc: WAFB


- page 4 -

Feb 26, 1968
Irvington, N.Y. 10532

Dear Sirs,

Last night (the 25th) I saw a UFO. It was in the western skies about 9:00 PM.

When I first saw it heading SW, it was like a star except larger, and it was yellow-ish tinted and it had 2 lights. The smaller of the 2 on the right side was dimmer/at pivoted. Just as it was going out of sight it made a sudden turn and flew north, still in the western skies. It went up and as it went north and then out of sight. It was seen for about 5 minutes before it flew away.

I was in Irvington, N.Y. at the time. I know it was not a plane because of its strange flight (strange, slower than my plane). It didn't stop and hover at my time. There were no sounds from the object which was going across the Hudson and up the rockland coast. No plane has lights like this thing. I couldn't discern any shape. The first impression of what I saw it was "That

[Note: The last line appears to be cut off]


- page 5 -

If you don't believe me because of my age (13)
you can ask my father. My phone number of
your interested is OW3-0007. We both saw
the object. Not I saw it long because I
noticed it first and a few minutes later
he got the car. We then watched it go out
of sight. The UFO started to go behind a
building but I stepped back as I would
still see it. It went up from my view
second and my father saw it most of
the time. When I saw the UFOs in the
paper I decided I would write so
to you.

Thank You,
[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 6 -

NSIO

EASTERN COLOMBIA
February 12, 1968

Analysts at the U. S. Air Force Aerospace Defense Command in Colorado Springs, Colorado, concluded that an object which plummeted to earth in Eastern Colombia in mid-February was a portion of the unmanned Apollo 5 spacecraft launched from Cape Kennedy on January 22, 1968.

Apollo 5 was one of a series of test launches being conducted by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in preparation for a manned lunar mission.

Reports in the South American press described a strange, 125-pound metallic object which produced three loud, sonic-boom like explosions as it came down in the Colombian province of Meta on February 12.

Orbital analysts at ADC had predicted that the descent stage of the Apollo lunar module would decay on February 12 within plus or minus five minutes of 1751 Greenwich Mean Time (10:51 a.m. EST). Its north to south track over Mexico and the Caribbean Sea would have carried the object to the Colombian impact area well within the predicted time frame.

This evaluation was provided by the 1st Aerospace Control Squadron, 9th Aerospace Defense Division, ADC, which operates the Space Defense Center in the North American Air Defense Command's Cheyenne Mountain complex near Colorado Springs.

The Space Defense Center is the command post for a global network of electronic and optical sensors operated by the 9th Aerospace Defense Division to detect, identify and track earth-orbiting satellites.


- page 7 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO

Page 7

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: (6th) December, January 1968

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

I feel that this object was not a comet or a satellite. It (maybe) in an irregular pattern. Altitude doesn't speak up and travel straight up. It resembles the photo in page 39 quite pretty way.

I am beginning to wonder why & how this object looks. Why did I see it when so near about? What made me who up and eventually go to a witness in our livingroom and pops the mission to witness this thing?

I read the interrupted journey (blacked out text) but I don't believe this has anything to do with my sighting.

I never enable (could be "enable") both times and I saw the same thing what can it mean?


- page 8 -

Official U.S. Air Force
Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
[Handwritten notes partially visible but not fully legible]

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

[The document contains diagrams illustrating these instructions, including a compass rose, a skyline with an observer, and spaces for drawing object paths]


- page 9 -

Here is the text from the document:

UFO form continued                                                   Page 4

20. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
YES! [Handwritten response partially illegible, mentions something about 4:00 PM and some other details]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS: Washington, 1229 Delaware
ZIP
TELEPHONE NUMBER:   AGE: 13   SEX: MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
[Handwritten text, partially legible, mentions Washington High School, some personal details about school and interests]

I was seen another object a few years ago in the period of my youth and later, was at 7:30. [Rest of text partially illegible]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
[Handwritten response partially illegible, mentions some details about reporting]


- page 10 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

9. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One)
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One)
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text appears to read: "it was like a piece of burning magnesium, intensely steady"]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: (Circle) writing here was not
- using a direct trace

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Seem to spin or rotate?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 11 -

SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA QUESTIONNAIRE

THIS QUESTIONNAIRE HAS BEEN PREPARED SO THAT YOU CAN GIVE THE U.S. AIR FORCE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE CONCERNING THE UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA THAT YOU HAVE OBSERVED. PLEASE TRY TO ANSWER ALL OF THE QUESTIONS. THE INFORMATION YOU GIVE WILL BE USED FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES. YOUR NAME WILL NOT BE USED IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF YOUR STATEMENTS OR CONCLUSIONS WITHOUT YOUR PERMISSION. RETURN TO AIR FORCE, BASE INVESTIGATOR FOR FORWARDING TO HQ (DETAIL), WRIGHT-PATTERSON AFB, OHIO 45433, IAM AFR 80-17, (IF ADDITIONAL SHEETS ARE NEEDED FOR NARRATIVE OR SKETCHES ATTACH SECURELY TO THIS FORM OR ANNOTATE WITH YOUR NAME FOR IDENTIFICATION.)

1. WHEN DID YOU SEE THE PHENOMENON?
DAY 16     MONTH February     YEAR 1968

2. WHAT TIME DID YOU FIRST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR 5     MINUTES ____     □A.M.     ■P.M.

3. WHAT TIME DID YOU LAST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR _____     MINUTES _____     □A.M.     □P.M.

4. TIME ZONE ■ EASTERN     □CENTRAL     □MOUNTAIN     □PACIFIC     □OTHER
   □DAYLIGHT SAVINGS     ■STANDARD

5. WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? IF IN A CITY GIVE THE NEAREST STREET ADDRESS AND INDICATE ON A HAND DRAWN MAP WHERE YOU WERE SITUATED. IF IN THE COUNTRY, IDENTIFY THE HIGHWAY YOU WERE ON OR NEAR AND TRY TO FIX A DISTANCE AND DIRECTION FROM SOME RECOGNIZABLE LANDMARK.

Near NORTHWAY in IRVINGTON, N.Y.
ABOUT A MILE AND 3/4 SE THE TAPPAN ZEE
BRIDGE, ACROSS THE HUDSON RIVER. IT IS
ALSO A FEW MILES SE THE CHEVROLET PLANT
AT TARRY TOWN, N.Y.

(The document includes a diagram showing an observer's view and the height of an observed phenomenon above the horizon, with markings on a curved line.)

AF FORM 117


- page 12 -

Here is the text from the document:

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
January 3, 1968

2. Time of day: 8 15
(Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Wilmington, Delaware 13821

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
5 Hours Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? By time on T.V. Commercials and watch

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY NIGHT
a. Bright b. Bright
b. Cloudy b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you d. To your left
b. In back of you e. Overhead
c. To your right f. Don't remember

[The rest of the form contains additional questions with checkboxes and options, but the text is not fully transcribed here.]


- page 13 -

Air Force UFO form continued

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes   No

If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other:

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other:

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           c. East           e. South          g. West
b. Northeast       d. Southeast      f. Southwest      h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _________ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes   No

25. Do you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No
c. Windshield      Yes   No
d. Window glass    Yes   No

e. Binoculars      Yes   No
f. Telescope       Yes   No
g. Theodolite      Yes   No
h. Other:

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or action, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

nothing common.


- page 14 -

Official U.S. Air Force

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching if so, how?
Yes, after about 6 minutes it seemed to change course from west to east to an northeast direction. It faded out, moved slightly up.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes   NO   Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind: [blank]

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes   NO   Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: [blank]

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: silent, no motion like a plane.
b. Color: bright white.

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of
object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much
the object would have been covered by the match head? [blank]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trail. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch showing a small object with a tail, moving from W to E]


- page 15 -

Here is the text from the document:

NCIO                                                  17 FEB 69

FLIGHT CREW MISSION REPORT
FOR
SATELLITE RE-ENTRY OR SHORT FIREBALL

In conjunction with
Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory's Re-Entry and Recovery

1. Flight EASTERN 2847           2. Date   2/17/69           3.    084-73

4. Location (DME and radial reading from a VOR unless overward)   5 N LAT
   HFD VORTAC                                                     72° W LONG
   7262                                                           

5. Plane heading magnetic       745°                6. Altitude    160,000

7. Crew names and addresses witnessing event
   JFK   F/O                    EWR

8. Estimate degrees flight or left of plane heading and elevation (in degrees) above horizon
   of object when first sighted     0°                 3°

9. Estimate degrees flight or left of plane heading and elevation (in degrees) above horizon
   of object when last sighted     30°                 5°

10. Apparent brightness:   A. Too bright to look at
                           B. As bright as full moon    BRIGHTER
                           C. As bright as venus

11. Duration of sighting                4-5 SECONDS

12. Break up noise and/or color noted   YELLOW TO GREEN & WHITE

Was this a predicted re-entry?   ____yes   ____no

To list additional information, please use the reverse side.

Date:   2-17-67                                       Signature

If, for any reason, you wish not to be identified with whatever sighting you make, please
indicate so underneath your signature. Please mail to:

Mr. Herbert E. Roth
Smithsonian Moonwatch Team Director
C/O United Air Lines Flight Training Center
Stapleton International Airport
Denver, Colorado 80207 U. S. A.


- page 16 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPTR-4 / Lt Col Smith / 70069                                                                ICE

SUBJECT: Vashon Island - UFO Report

TO: TDPTR / UFO

1. In response to your request I have reviewed the Vashon Island, Washington "Ice" incident of February 18, 1968. In my opinion the following items cast doubt on the veracity of the report:

a. The observers were teenagers who were uneasy during the reportal interview -- possibly indicating they weren't reporting an actual event.

b. Nothing (with the exception of the ice) more tangible than an unidentified light, which could not be verified by additional witnesses, was observed at the site.

c. The sighting occurred after midnight at an isolated location. The reason for the teenagers visiting a gravel pit after midnight is not explained in the report -- and frankly difficult to justify.

2. Two facts included in the report should be commented upon. First is the statement by Tony Ortego that the pond or gravel pit is located in a cold spot on the island. It is well-known that large temperature differentials can be expensed as a result of local terrain, and it would not be unusual for a pond located in a protected area, such as a gravel pit, to freeze during a period of very low temperatures, and remain frozen for a number of days after the Weather Bureau's official temperature above freezing. The fact that Mrs. Jackson was able to obtain a piece of ice 5/8 inches wide by 1 inch thick approximately 17 hours after the incident would indicate the temperature in the pond was near freezing.

3. The second point worthy of comment is the texture of the ice. It is obvious that the ice contains air pockets and particles of gravel soil. When muddy water, such as one would expect to find in a gravel pit, crystallizes, the ice often contains foreign particles. The suspension of rocks or soil particles in the water during the freezing process will result in the formation of small air pockets in the ice. The layer effect observed in one of the photographs indicates water in the pond froze on


- page 17 -

two different occasions. The layering effect, plus the inclusion of foreign matter, would seem to indicate that the ice was formed as the result of nothing more glamorous than the freezing of a muddy pond.

4. It seems highly unlikely, considering the location of the incident; however, the ice could have been formed as the result of water vapor rising from thermal regions of the soil. The presence of strong temperature gradients (1-2°c/cm) are necessary to help this process. The vapor rises taking trapped soil particles with it to the upper layers of the water where it condenses and, if the temperature is low enough, it freezes, leaving air bubbles and soil particles trapped in the ice layers. The growth of the layers of ice depend upon the ambient air temperature, water-soil temperature gradient, temperature gradient in the soil and perhaps particle size of the soil.

5. In summary, I find nothing in the evidence submitted with this report which would indicate anything occurred other than as the result of a natural phenomenon.

BOYCE M. SMITH Lt Col, USAF
PND STAFFNET

Note: At the bottom of the page, there is a handwritten note that appears to read "Notes returned to Dr. Hynek"


- page 18 -

Mountlake Terrace, Wash. 98043
March 13, 1968

Dr. J.A. Hynek
c/o Department of Astronomy
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois

Dear Dr. Hynek:

A copy of the report of the Vashon Island, Washington "ice" incident of February 18, 1968 which you requested is enclosed. The original report, along with water and soil samples, was submitted to the Aerial Phenomena Research Organization on March 4.

Information concerning the analysis of the samples should be available from APRO in the near future. If there is any further information which I might be able to supply, do not hesitate to request it.

Your talk at the University of Washington on February 27 was extremely interesting and very much enjoyed. I hope you have the opportunity to speak in this area again soon.

[Signature area is blacked out]

RECEIVED
MAR 15 1969
ASTRONOMY DEPARTMENT
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY


- page 19 -

2-22-68

INTERVIEW WITH MR. & MRS. [REDACTED]

(the ice sample shown in the accompanying photographs belonged to
the [REDACTED]. They related the following information to me during
the photographic session in their front yard:)

The sample was taken from the frozen pond at about 5:00 pm on
Sunday, February 18.

The [REDACTED] did not report any unusual disturbances on the night of
the sighting near their home, but they did say that a similar light
had been seen by their daughter and her boy friend (the gravel pit is
a local lovers' lane) about four or five years back.

Mr. [REDACTED] stated that he had seen some UFO's in 1963. Briefly,
the sighting occurred on a clear, hot day during the summer in
Seattle. He reports seeing twelve disks (like pink balloons) in
the northern sky. The disks were "playing" (circling around each
other) as they crossed to the south. One disk was reported to have
left the group at a very high speed.

INTERVIEWER'S COMMENT

Both of these people were very anxious to cooperate with me. They agreed
to keep the sample of ice for a month before getting rid of it. It is
therefore available if needed for further investigation.


- page 20 -

Mountlake Terrace, Wash. 98042
March 4, 1968

Mr. [redacted]
APRO
Tucson, Arizona

Dear Mr. [redacted]

Material making up the report of the incident at Vashon Island, Washington on February 18 is enclosed. My notes are included essentially as originally written, but typed for easier reading. Samples of water from a melted chip of the ice sample photographed for this report and a water sample of the pond in question (taken a week after the incident) will be sent under separate cover.

I will attempt now to summarize the incident and its aftermath in a brief form. Further details and discrepancies in stories of the witnesses can be found in the notes and data accompanying this letter.

Three youths, all between 18 and 19 years old, drove into a gravel pit approximately 1 mile east of the town of Vashon on Vashon Island, Washington between 12:00 am and 1:00 am, Sunday morning, February 18, 1968.

They travelled on the access road, through heavy rain, to a point where the road ended in a pond. A "U" turn was made at the edge of the pond and the car was stopped facing north on the access road. (The attached sketch illustrates the area.)

After the car was stopped, all three witnesses observed a glowing object resting on a hill to the right of the car.


- page 21 -

The object was described as "oval" or "crescent" shaped and as having a glow which was difficult to describe. The phrases used to describe the nature of the light were "shiny type of glow", "reflected light", and "pale, bluish-white light".

Size of the object was estimated by [redacted] to be 25 to 30 feet across. [Redacted] also estimated that the car was approximately 100 feet from the object. No sound was heard.

The length of the sighting was variously estimated by the witnesses to be from one minute to five or ten minutes. After some discussion on how "weird" the object appeared, the men decided to go back to Yashon and bring friends to the site.

[Redacted] returned to the area with a friend. [Redacted] parked the car on the main road and both men walked into the pit area on the access road. Upon rounding the curve of the access road and gaining a view of the gravel pit, they observed the object.

The object had moved from its original position to a point, according to [redacted], which was across the pond from his viewing point. [Redacted] account placed the object to the left of the pond on this, his first sighting.

[Redacted] described the object as being lens shaped, about the size of a compact station wagon and made of shiny metal. As was the case with the other witnesses, [redacted] had difficulty describing the quality of the light radiated by the object. He was insistent, however, that the light appeared to be reflected and not generated from within the object.


- page 22 -

Here is the text from the document:

6. NOW IMAGINE YOU ARE AT THE CENTER OF THE COMPASS ROSE. PLACE AN "A" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN. PLACE A "B" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN.

7. IN THE SKETCH BELOW, PLACE AN "A" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN, AND AN "B" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN. CONNECT THE "A" AND "B" WITH A LINE TO APPROXIMATE THE MOVEMENT OF THE PHENOMENON BETWEEN "A" AND "B". THAT IS, SCHEMATICALLY SHOW WHETHER MOVEMENT APPEARED TO BE STRAIGHT, CURVED OR ZIG-ZAG. REFER TO SMALLER SKETCH AS AN EXAMPLE OF HOW TO COMPLETE THE LARGER SKETCH.

PAGE 2 OF 9 PAGES


- page 23 -

Length of the second sighting of the object was estimated by
to be ten seconds. ████ must have bolted immediately after seeing
the object for a second time and, when ████ noticed that ████
had gone, he also made for the car. The two men then returned to
Wason to fetch more people to the scene.

When the next group of people returned to the area, the object was
nowhere to be seen. It was discovered at this time, however, that
a pond of water, approximately 100 feet in diameter and located
within the gravel pit, was covered with ice.

The discovery was reported to deputy sheriff Don Holka at 2:00 am.
He investigated the report immediately.

The presence and characteristics of the ice were difficult to explain:
Temperatures in the area were well above freezing and had been thus for
several days previous to the sighting. Puddles bordering the frozen
pond showed absolutely no signs of ice.

Holka reported that the pond was frozen solid and ████ and as much as
one foot from the edge of the pond was firm in places. Another unusual
feature of the ice was its unusual dryness... considering the fact that
it was raining very heavily at the time. The pond was checked for radiation
and no abnormal levels were discovered.

Other details uncovered during the subsequent investigation of the
incident were that the ice on the pond measured as much as three
inches thick in spots and that it was formed in layers ranging from
two to five in quantity. The ice was also riddled with large numbers
of bubbles containing air and dirt.


- page 24 -

I heard of the incident three days after it took place. My investigation began on Wednesday, February 21 with an interview of Officer Holke in his office on Vashon Island. The following Saturday, February 24, was spent gathering the remainder of the material found in this report.

Soil and water samples were sent to the King County Sheriff's Crime Laboratory in Seattle. I contacted a [redacted] this morning to determine if any interesting results had been found in the course of analyzing the samples. He reported that an analysis had not been performed, because of the heavy work load of the laboratory. He said that I could pick up the samples tomorrow if I wanted them. His only request was that I furnish him with a copy of the report made to APRO. These samples should be in the mail to you tomorrow afternoon.

Despite the fact that several discrepancies exist in the stories of the witnesses who saw the object, I believe that they were telling the truth as they saw it. [redacted], for example, was noticeably upset while recounting the incident. At one point, during the interview at the gravel pit, he was spooked by the noise of a cracking branch. The type of uneasiness which he displayed would have been difficult to fake.

Another puzzling aspect of the incident is the formation of the ice. It is extremely unlikely, on the basis of weather reports and the testimony of witnesses, that it was cold enough to freeze the water in the pond to a two inch thick, solid mass (witnesses reported that large rocks thrown to the center of the pond bounced on the ice.).

The possibility of a prank is unlikely because of the size of the affected area. A prankster would have had to go to a very great deal of trouble and expense to pull off such a joke. What kind of a motive would he have?


- page 25 -

One aspect of the incident which has repeatedly come to mind is the difficulty which all of the witnesses had in describing the characteristics of the light which they observed. The glow must have been something extremely unusual to cause those apparent probing for words to describe it. Another puzzle is the repeated statement by the witnesses that light radiated by the object appeared to be reflected. This is important when you consider the fact that it was heavily overcast and that no sources of light were known to be in the area which could have caused a reflection.

The triangular area found on the edge of the pond may or may not be significant. One might hypothesize that something was put into the pond at that point. There is, however, no evidence to confirm this notion.

I have speculated enough on the matter, but there is one additional comment which I would like to make before closing: The Vashon Island incident is the first incident of this type which I have investigated in person and in detail. The experience has bordered on the traumatic side. The apparent credibility of the witnesses, the unusual formation of ice in the aftermath of the sighting and the general confusion surrounding the incident have raised more questions than answers. In short, my attitudes towards the problem of UFOs have been greatly altered. To say the least, the experience has brought forth a very strong desire to learn more about this incident and others of similar kind.

Hopefully, further analysis of the material in this report by others will shed some more light on the problem. Should you need any additional data, I will try to run it down.

Sincerely,

[Signature redacted]


- page 26 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Top of page (partially legible):
Where at Night Where Told Incident Took Place

On the diagram/map:
- Ditmar Farm
- Pasture Area
- First Observers Were in the Car at this Point
- Frozen Pond
- 100 ft Diam
- Grand Pit Mesa
- SW 167th ST

Other annotations include various X marks and directional indicators, but some text is partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document.

The document appears to be a hand-drawn map or diagram related to some kind of incident, possibly a UFO sighting or investigation.


- page 27 -

2-28-68

IRVINGTON HIGH D[redacted]

([redacted] was interviewed by telephone. He related the following account of the incident:)

...and the two other witnesses to the sighting... and [redacted], drove into the pit area and made a "U" turn which would stop the car facing them to the north.

On the right side, on the hill, they observed a "light object" or "glow". The object was resting on the hill. It was described again as an oval shaped, glowing light.

Frombach had difficulty describing the nature of the glow. He best described it as a "shiny type of glow."

The object was estimated to be 25 to 30 feet across. It is estimated that the observers were 100 feet away from the object. Time was estimated at between 12:00 and 1:00 am.

No radio interference or electrical phenomenon was observed by Frombach. In fact, that the car radio was not turned on at the time.

Length of observation was estimated at between five and ten minutes. The youths talked about how "weird" the object was and decided to go into town to get their friends.

[redacted] stayed in Vasbon after the first sighting. [redacted] and [redacted] returned for a second time.


- page 28 -

INTERVIEW WITH [REDACTED]

[REDACTED] was interviewed separately from and after [REDACTED]. The interview took place in the town of Vashon.)

[REDACTED] stated that he was with [REDACTED] during [REDACTED] second observation of the object. He reports that they parked the car on the main road and walked, via the access road, to the gravel pit area. Both of the witnesses sighted the object as they rounded the curve of the road leading into the area.

The object was described [REDACTED] be lens shaped, about the size of a compact station wagon and made of shiny bright metal. He had difficulty defining the quality of the light, but insisted on describing it as having the quality of reflected light (light not being generated within the object). [REDACTED] further stated that the object was on the ground, a little to the left (east) of the pond. No sound was heard.

Estimated duration of the observation was ten seconds. [REDACTED] reported that he looked away from the object towards [REDACTED] and found that he had gone. At that point, he ran back to the car to find [REDACTED] with the engine running and ready to leave.

Both youths drove back to town (Vashon) and brought more people out to the gravel pit area. The object was gone when they returned. The ice covering the pond was discovered shortly thereafter and the sheriff was called.

2-24-68 (date stamp in top right corner)


- page 29 -

FURBISH --2

INTERVIEWER'S COMMENT

[Redacted] observed more than [redacted] during the second sighting. I believe [redacted] was too badly frightened to notice much detail. [Redacted] admitted fright during the incident, but stated that he would like to see the object again.

I believe he gave a good account of his observation of the object.


- page 30 -

2-24-68

INTERVIEW WITH [REDACTED]

(The following sequence of events was given by the youths at the gravel pit where the object was sighted.)

The three youths; [REDACTED] drove into the gravel pit area sometime after 12:00 pm on February 19 (Sunday morning). They drove the car to the edge of the pond and made a "U" turn, pointing the front of the car to the north. After making the turn, they noticed an unusual light off to the right of the car (east).

The source of the light was described by [REDACTED] as crescent shaped, giving off a pale, bluish white light. The object appeared to be on the ground. [REDACTED] was not specific as to the size of the object, but he did report that it appeared to be illuminated by reflected light. No sound was heard.

Weather at the time was heavy rain.

[REDACTED] had difficulty describing the details of the object on his first sighting. The youths were frightened by the object and went into the town of Vashon, about 1 mile distant, to bring friends to the area.

Length of the sighting was estimated by [REDACTED] at about one minute.

[REDACTED] returned to the area with [REDACTED]. They parked the car on the main road (S.W. 168th St.) and walked into the gravel pit on the access road.


- page 31 -

BEAGNER AND POWERS --2

The two witnesses observed the object on rounding the corner of the access road, leading into the area of the pit. At this time they would have been approximately 75 yards north of the pond. _____ reported that the object had moved to a point which was across the pond, between the pond and the cliff. _____ stated that he just "took a look and ran."

_____ description of the object was vague. He described it as rectangular in shape, wider than high. He was scared by the incident and said that he was not anxious to see the object again.

INTERVIEWER'S COMMENT

_____ was more articulate and observant than _____. I was especially impressed by the difficulty he had in describing the quality of the light.

Both witnesses were uneasy during the interview, which, as mentioned earlier, was at the gravel pit area. Powers could be described as actually "jumpy". He would start at any unusual sound. We later moved the interview to a restaurant in town. Both witnesses were then more at ease.

Both witnesses mentioned that they had heard interference on their car radio at the time of the sighting. They identified the sound as being like a room full of people talking, overlayed by the station to which they were listening. They were not sure that the interference was unusual and I consider the information to be inconclusive.

I believe that both of the witnesses saw something and that both reported their observations as best they could.


- page 32 -

2-2-68

INTERVIEW WITH [REDACTED]--SON OF THE OWNER OF THE SMALL RANCH JUST NORTH OF THE GRAVEL PIT AREA

([REDACTED] was chosen for an interview because the gravel pit area is partially visible from the farm and because a number of horses are kept adjacent to the area of the sighting. It was during the interview that I learned that [REDACTED] was a friend of [REDACTED])

Mr. [REDACTED] reported that damage had been done to the side of his barn during the night or early morning periods in which the sighting occurred.

He stated that only one horse, the most gentle on the ranch, could have done the damage. He also reported that he had not heard any disturbances during the times of the sighting or observed any injuries to the horse on the morning following the incident.

Mr. [REDACTED] frequently visits the gravel pit to practice shooting. He reported seeing ice on the pond during a visit of February 12. A second visit on February 17 revealed that the ice was breaking-up. Estimated thickness of the ice on February 17 was 1.5 inches. He mentioned that the gravel pit was a cold spot on the island, but that it was warm and raining on the 17th and for the next two days, leaving little chance for the ice to last.

INTERVIEWER'S COMMENT

Mr. [REDACTED] gave the impression of accuracy in his statements. He did not jump to the conclusion that the horse had damaged the barn, because he had not heard a disturbance or observed any injury to the horse. He state that he thought it was "likely" that the horse had done the damage.


- page 33 -

WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON?
In Business Section of City
In Building
In Car ☐ AS DRIVER ☒ AS PASSENGER
In Boat
In Airplane ☐ AS PILOT ☐ AS PASSENGER
OTHER

In Residential Section of City
In Open Countryside
Near Airfield
Flying Over City
Flying Over Open Country
Other

IF YOU WERE IN A VEHICLE, COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:
WHAT DIRECTION WERE YOU MOVING?
North: East
South: West
Northeast: Southeast
Northwest: Southwest

HOW FAST WERE YOU MOVING?
(Partially illegible text)

DID YOU STOP ANYTIME WHILE OBSERVING THE PHENOMENON?
☐ YES ☐ NO

EXPLAIN WEATHER SUCH MOVEMENT AFFECTS YOUR SKETCHES IN ITEMS 5 AND 6:
(Partially illegible text about weather and road conditions)

HOW MUCH OTHER TRAFFIC WAS THERE?
(Partially illegible text)

DID YOU NOTICE ANY AIRCRAFT IN THE AREA? ☒ YES ☐ NO
(Partially illegible additional text)

LENGTH OF TIME:
6-15 MIN

HOW LONG WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT?
CERTAIN OF TIME: ☒ FAIRLY CERTAIN ☐ NOT VERY SURE
(Partially illegible text about time determination)

WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT CONTINUOUSLY? ☐ YES ☐ NO. IF "NO", INDICATE WHETHER THIS IS DUE TO YOUR MOVEMENT OR THE BEHAVIOR OR THE PHENOMENON.

PAGE 3 OF 9 PAGES


- page 34 -

2-24-68

PRE-INTERVIEW OF OFFICER HOLKE AND AN OFFICER TERRELL

Neither officer was aware that soil samples had been taken by Officer Allman and both expressed surprise when I told them.

Officer Terrell stated that the sample of ice which he had seen had three layers.

ADDITIONAL COMMENT

[Redacted names] mentioned during their interview that they had seen the ice on the pond support 15 or 20 people at one time. They also noted that one of the individuals had broken through the ice and fallen into the pond shortly thereafter. These observations were probably made on the Sunday afternoon following the sighting.


- page 35 -

2-24-68

INTERVIEW WITH DEPUTY SHERIFF TERRY ALLMAN

(At this point, it is not clear to me whether officer Allman was with officer Holke when he first investigated the incident. Allman did, however, report the following observations to me:)

1. He made radiation measurements on and around the pond. Results were negative.

2. The phrase used by the youths when they reported the incident to the office was, "Come quick. Its starting to melt." This statement was significant to him and officer Holke as indicating genuine concern on the part of the youths.

3. Allman took samples of the ice and soil and sent them to the King County Sheriff's Crime Laboratory in Seattle. I was referred to a Dr. Fontan for further information.

INTERVIEWER'S COMMENT

Officer investigated a number of UFO incidents on Vashon Island last summer. He reported his findings to NICAP. He appeared to be a capable observer and showed an above average interest in the subject of UFO's.

I am a little disturbed by the fact that officer Holke was unaware of the fact that officer Allman had taken soil and water samples.


- page 36 -

INTERVIEW WITH DEPUTY SHERIFF DON HOLKE

A number of excited teen agers came into the sheriff's office at approximately 2 am, Sunday, February 18, 1968. Holke stated that they were all excited and that "they were talking all at once."

Two of the youths, [redacted] and [redacted] reported that they had seen an "aluminum" colored light, approximately the size of a car rising from a gravel pit just outside the town of Vashon. (see attached sketch of the area.) The youths also reported that a pond of water in the pit had been frozen.

Deputy Holke, along with a large number of island residents (Holke estimates 50), went to the gravel pit to investigate the report.

Two following observations were made by officer Holke:

1. A large pond, approximately 100 feet in diameter, was found frozen in the gravel pit area. Mud approximately one foot from the edge of the pond was also firm in spots. Neighboring puddles, however, showed no signs of freezing or ice.

2. Officer Holke broke through the ice and determined that it was approximately two inches thick. Holke estimated the depth of the pond at two feet during his second visit to the spot on Sunday afternoon.

3. The two inch layer of ice was composed of five sub-layers, or laminations, which were filled with masses of small air bubbles.

4. The surface of the ice-covered pond was, in Holke's words, "dewer than it should have been." (It was raining heavily at the time he investigated the incident.) An unusual triangular shaped area, with a base length of approximately 3 feet, where it entered the pond, was also observed. (See sketch for location.)


- page 37 -

HOLKE --2

The following responses to my questions were obtained:

1. Temperature was well above freezing (estimates 40°F).

2. Pictures of the ice were taken by reporters from the local newspaper, the Beachcomber Press.

3. No unusual odor was observed in the sighting.

4. The likelihood of a prank being played was rejected by Holke because of the large area affected.

5. No reported that no samples of pond water had been taken.

6. No power lines are in the vicinity of the sighting.

7. No unusual impressions or physical evidence, other than the frozen pond, were found in the area.

8. A Nike missile launch site is the only military installation on the island.

9. A number of commercial radio transmitters are on the island.

10. Holke and another officer, Terry Allan, returned to the gravel pit area at 1 pm, Sunday afternoon (11 hours after the sighting). The ice was approximately half thawed at this time.

11. A third visit was made to the area at 1 pm on Monday, February 19. The ice was gone at that time. A large number of people had been to the gravel pit since the sighting and had heavily tracked the area. Several of the visitors had taken samples of the ice here to put in their freezers.

INTERVIEWER'S COMMENT:

Holke was cooperative and appeared to be genuinely puzzled by the incident. His responses to my questions were carefully considered and, for the most part, concise. I would rate him as a good observer.


- page 38 -

Reproduction of a sketch by Don Flicker - 2-21-68

Within west (SW 168th)

Kittinger area
of sky north

Finger
point

Aerial reported
To law register
Ground plot

43 ft
high

North


- page 39 -

2-28-59

DATA ON WATER SAMPLES

Sample #1 is the water and residue from a chip of the pond ice found at the scene of the sighting. Ice sample was taken by a resident adjacent to the gravel pit area. See photographs accompanying this report for further data on the ice sample.

Sample #2 was taken from the pond on the afternoon of February 24. Note that road crews had bulldozed the gravel pit area in the week intervening between the sighting and collection of this sample.


- page 40 -

Mysterious UFO Incident
After 'UFO' Incident

Ice two inches thick was found in a Vasbon Island gravel pit where two island youths reported seeing a mysterious, shiny object about 2 a. m. yesterday, Deputy Sheriff Don Holke reported.

Joe Furbush, 18, said he and Boone Poorer, 15, saw the object as they stood a half block away. "It was shiny and seemed highly polished," Joe said.

The two "look out" and contacted Holke, who, with about 50 others, went to the gravel pit about two miles north of Washon. Holke said that despite the rain there was no water on top of the ice which covered the pond in the pit. Holke Other puddles in the area were not frozen.

Holke last summer investigated a number of reports of unidentified flying objects in the Vasbon area. The objects were blamed for frightening livestock.

South Dixie
7 Feb. 19, 1968 - Night Sent Fred


- page 41 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

A SLAB OF ICE taken from the pond where strange lights were seen early Sunday is held by Ray Smith. This photo was taken Sunday afternoon after heavy rains had deluged the area for two days. The pond is in the background, noticed thick ice on the pond after being attracted by the usual glowing light. Bill Mann is at right.

Unidentified Bright Light, Ice Pond Confuse Residents

by Nancy Nelson

"You've got a mystery," commented the U. S. Weather man Monday after hearing reports from Vashon Island in unidentified bright light and an adjacent pond of ice which aroused islanders over the weekend.

The weatherman said it was "extremely unlikely" that Vashon could boast a pond with ice two inches thick on Sunday after two days of sunshine and warm rains.

The episode which occurred about midnight Saturday when a car full of teen-age boys claimed a "glowing" light at a pit west of Vashon Beach, Chris Beachcomb and Berne Powell, who heard the pit and went to the site to tell of their experience, Joe Furtado, 19, accompanied him to a nearby gravel pit.

"Nothing I've seen in my life," Boone recalls. "After staring for a moment, they dashed for the car."

Safely back in town, they told other friends of the experience and convinced a group to accompany them back to the area. The light was gone but a solid sheet of ice lay over the pond where the light had been. The youths walked on the ice - it was 3 inches thick in spots, Boone said. The puddle nearby were all water and the ground around was muddy. After walking around on the ice, they let to report the event to Deputy Don Holke.

Holke spent a half hour on the spot. He confirmed that there was no water on the ice and adjacent puddles were ice free. The pond had a good two inches of ice stop it. Some portions of the surrounding ground seemed firm rather than muddy.

There are conflicting reports which The Beachcomber attempted to clarify. The pond adjoins property owned by the Ortega family. Son Tony reports that there was still some ice left there last week, but it sure wasn't two inches thick, he maintains. With the warm, heavy rains Saturday, there should have been water atop the ice, but there was none.

Bill Magill cannot answer for the light, but he feels the ice has been there since the last big freeze several weeks ago. Magill's road crew uses the gravel pit often, even though they did not use it during the past week. He is positive that the ice was there because the sun would not hit the ground. Besides, he said, the ground was frozen.


- page 42 -

2-23-68

I spoke with the Seattle SSA Weather Bureau Office and obtained the following data on lowest temperatures at Seattle-Tacoma Airport for the period from February 13 through February 19:

Date                Lowest Temp.(°F)
2-13-68             39°
2-14-68             35°
2-15-68             33°
2-16-68             34°
2-17-68             44°    rain
2-18-68             60°    rain
2-19-68             50°    rain

A further call to the weather bureau climatology office yielded the attached information on weather conditions on Vashon Island and how they differ from Seattle-Tacoma Airport weather. Results are summarized below:

Seattle-Tacoma Airport Maximum Average Temp.    59.2°F
Vashon Island Maximum Average Temp.             59.4°F

Seattle-Tacoma Airport Minimum Average Temp.    42.9°F
Vashon Island Minimum Average Temp.             42.5°F


- page 43 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE, WEATHER BUREAU IN COOPERATION WITH
THE WASHINGTON STATE DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE AND ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT
CLIMATOGRAPHY OF THE UNITED STATES 20-45

CLIMATOLOGICAL SUMMARY
MEANS AND ESTIMATES FOR PERIOD 1931-1954

[The rest of the text is a detailed table with temperature, precipitation, and other meteorological data for various months and years, along with a narrative climatological summary at the bottom of the page.]

Narrative Climatological Summary begins with:

"Vashon Island, located in Puget Sound, southwest of Seattle and north of Tacoma, covers an area of 11.8 miles long and 1 miles wide..."

The rest of the narrative continues with detailed meteorological descriptions of the region's climate, including information about temperatures, wind patterns, cloudiness, and seasonal variations.

The document is signed at the bottom by a State Climatologist from Seattle, Washington.


- page 44 -

Here is the text from the document:

10. IF THERE WERE MORE THAN ONE PHENOMENON, HOW MANY AND THERE? DRAW A PICTURE TO SHOW HOW THEY WERE ARRANGED. DO THIS ARRANGEMENT CHANGE DURING THE SIGHTING?

11. A. SKY CONDITIONS (Check appropriate block)
B. WEATHER

(Various checkboxes for sky and weather conditions are marked, including TWILIGHT, NIGHT, CLEAR, and NO FOG OR MIST)

12. IF SIGHTING WAS AT TWILIGHT OR NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE ABOUT THE STARS AND MOON?

(Checkboxes marked for A FEW stars and UNKNOWN moon condition)

13. IF SIGHTING WAS IN DAYLIGHT, WAS THE SUN VISIBLE? (No checkbox marked)

14. SPECIFY THE MAJOR SOURCE OF ILLUMINATION PRESENT DURING THE SIGHTING, SUCH AS THE SUN, HEADLIGHTS OR STREET LAMPS, ETC. (No text entered)

12. GIVE A BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE PHENOMENON, INDICATING WHETHER IT APPEARED DARK OR LIGHT, WHETHER IT REFLECTED LIGHT OR WAS SELF-LUMINOUS AND WHAT COLORS YOU NOTICED:

THE UFO WAS MADE OF 2 LIGHTS. THERE WAS A BRIGHT LIGHT AS BRIGHT AS BRIGHT STAR AT LEAST. THE OTHER WAS TO THE RIGHT. SMALLER. IT PULSATED. WELL OFF-ON OFF AND THEN A FEW SECONDS BETWEEN AND THEN WELL OFF. WELL AGAIN. THE LIGHTS WERE SLIGHTLY YELLOWISH. YOU COULDN'T MAKE OUT ANYTHING ELSE ABOUT THE OBJECT.

(Page 4 of 9 pages)


- page 45 -

The image appears to be a data table or log sheet with multiple rows and columns of numerical data. Most of the text is too small or blurry to read clearly. The document looks like it is from a technical or scientific report, with rows of numbers and some columns with abbreviated text on the right side of the page. The document is in black and white and appears to be a scanned page from an older document.


- page 46 -

DATA COVERING PHOTOGRAPHS

The enclosed color photographs were taken by the writer on the afternoon of February 24. The camera used was a Pentax Spotmatic, 35 mm SLR. Vemar 1+,2+ and 3+ lenses were used for extreme closeups. The film used was Kodacolor X. Shutter speed was 1/125 second. Lens stops ranged from f8 to f5.6.

The ice sample shown in the photographs belonged to Mr. [redacted] (see separate interview sheet), whose house is south and close to the gravel pit area where the object was sighted. The ice sample had been kept in the Jackson's freezer since being taken from the pond at about 5:00 pm, Sunday, February 18.

Photo #9 shows the sample viewed from the front surface (the side exposed to the air). The dark spots are pockets of extremely fine dirt or grit embedded in the ice.

Photo #10 and #13 show the details of the surface seen in #9 above. (Note: The orange tint is probably due, for the most part, to the wood underneath the ice.)

Photo #6 shows the bottom view (water side) of the ice sample. Bread crumbs from the [redacted] freezer are visible as yellow flocks in the upper left hand quadrant of the picture. The long lines running over the surface were made by the plastic bag and partial melting of the sample.

Photo #14 shows a detail view of the bottom surface of the sample.


- page 47 -

PHOTOGRAPHS --2

Photo #8 is a distant view of the sample's edge shortly after its removal from the freezer. The front surface is to the right and the bottom surface is to the left. The laminar construction is clearly shown. Note also the fine grit embedded on the water side layer near the bottom of the picture.

Photo #12 and #15 show the embedded grit and bubble cross sections with more detail. Note the elongated bubbles; some filled with grit, others filled only with air.

Photo #16 shows the pond looking south from the access road. (The youths who sighted the object for the second time were back a little farther and in the same approximate position when the sighting took place. The object would have been on the bank in the center of the picture if the object was where [redacted] powers reported it to be. According to [redacted], however, it would have been to the extreme left of the picture.) The triangular shaped area described by Deputy Sheriff Holke would have been to the left of the picture. Note that the pit had been worked by the highway crew during the week intervening between the sighting and the taking of the photographs. As a consequence, the shape of the pond and surrounding area has been considerably altered.

Photo #17 shows the pond looking towards the east. The first observation of the object was made to the extreme left of the picture.


- page 48 -

UFO Sighting Reported In Logan

City police were called at 3 a.m. today to investigate a report of a UFO sighting on Fain St.

Officers said there was nothing at the scene when they arrived.

The object was described as white and circular, with lights around the edges, and was reported as being occupied by men dressed in dark suits and wearing white helmets.

Feb 17 - 1968


- page 49 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Logan, B.H.
Westport Patuxent Air Base

Here and you will find a clipping from our local paper of 11-1963. This is only one of several sightings we had this vicinity on this few weeks. But you will first the report we uncovered, first let me give you something on the way we've ultimately it-

- she is a retired nurse of
ten to thirty years since few as sightings
all years. The certainty can be touch by person
on her own Logan. Besides chief Roy Rude to even
help with Hartman, city banker or merchant to
undertake or inquire the clipping further
with her. I will not go into them here, but if
you are enough, so if you care to, I would give
you give you the details in full. My work is not
of telling this, but was reading a back issue of
life and found this and got me into the back room to
help you had - Psychological report too are but the
details not the witness that changed, except as

Note: Some parts of the text are obscured by black redaction marks, making those sections illegible.


- page 50 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

then a entry ground floor - other
had come she there 6 beds out the list to other
and show the neighbors time and above
swept they light-key put some work was
of people that with - then is now on the
then she saw a more dark cut like could are
with to the cut off - he walks jam more that three
with toward the little woodwind on the - pulled her
ish down - he continue on the - she could see was
light and turned out the light so she - your own here
with out him using her - then came early a
small object seemed like a bright light like a
near the ground, then had a bright light coming
seen just place light coming out by the top-
her came the dark off his and with pen a few moments
then side of her number of he right with - now it is
in point of her with him to - he is the most on
with one of the 2 men turned ask then got eating
the - one of the dropped ask then got her night to
her then she closed the telephone so say her - and a little
is really but the telephone so up with - and light put
who could he over heard - and not only - right was
she looked out again - and not only the neighbor
was they just her back yard, and then a hundred was
so was just of men that was something that look like
working circular to something and so jumping by the
yard stone of your end go something taking some put in the
the a point where it was - taking some - they can on
mind, they weren't now place to play as only - he was
who saw the light come on in the neighbor he who
was in the of the new walks up on this man - but is

Note: The OCR text appears somewhat fragmented and may not perfectly represent the original text due to the handwritten nature of the document.


- page 51 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

[Note: Some words are difficult to read precisely due to handwriting, so I've transcribed as accurately as possible]

[The text appears to be a handwritten letter, with some words partially illegible]

... description of the ... with ... They did ... just ... to
... you ... have now ... to ... by ... about ... that could ... be ... to the ... at ... look at
... along ... sticking out. ... was getting ... was after ... can if they do hear ... and ... see the Palace, so she ... what ... about
... the real ... just ... looked just ... the
... that ... could ... she ... it ... and ... the
... by the ... and ... lightly ... it was
... had ... and ... understand ... the
... to ... the ... doing ... they ... at
... on ... not ... their ... years ago
... safe ... witness & ... of ... with ... after
... drawing ... not ... any ... of the ... of
... this - I am ... if you to ... my
... perhaps it will help ... to ... have ...
... little ... if you ... to ... and ...
... and ... if ... be ... further ...

[The bottom of the page has some blacked-out/redacted sections]


- page 52 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[Left margin, vertically written]
Clear photo of sign 14-18
Sign of etc.

[Top right area]
Spinning activity

[Bottom of document, partially legible]
LC [remainder illegible]
[Another line below that is mostly illegible]

The document appears to be a page with several small boxed areas, some containing black redaction marks or blacked-out sections. The text is mostly handwritten and partially illegible.


- page 53 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Homeland ST.

At the top right: one blocking

On the right side vertically: Clear Diagram Attached

Some other text appears to be present but is either partially obscured or too illegible to confidently transcribe.

Several sections of the document have black redaction marks covering text.

The document appears to be a form or diagram with multiple boxes and sections, but many details are obscured or blacked out.


- page 54 -

Here is the text from the document:

NCIO
NEWS RELEASE
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION
WALLOPS STATION, WALLOPS ISLAND, VIRGINIA 23337
TELEPHONE: VALLEY 4-3411 - EXTS. 584 and 579

FOR RELEASE: Thursday, February 22, 1968

Release No. 68-3

WALLOPS LAUNCHES SIX
EXPERIMENTS OVERNIGHT

The National Aeronautics and Space Administration conducted six chemical cloud experiments between sunset last night and dawn today from its Wallops Island, Va., Station.

Liftoff times were 6:17 p.m., 12:09 a.m., 1:30 a.m., 3:00 a.m., 4:30 a.m., and 6:02 a.m. EST. There were seven launches scheduled in this series. The second launch planned for 10:30 p.m. was cancelled because of payload problems.

Three different chemicals--triethylborane (TEB), trimethylaluminum (TMA), and sodium--were used in this series, to continue the study of short term and seasonal variations in wind structure in the upper atmosphere. Similar tests were conducted at Wallops in January and July 1966, and August 1967.

The dawn firing was a sodium vapor experiment which generated a reddish-orange cloud visible for hundreds of miles

-more-


- page 55 -

Here is the text from the document:

I LOOKED UP TO SEE IF THERE WERE ANY CLOUDS IN THE SKY BECAUSE IT SEEMED LIKE A BEAUTIFUL LIGHT.

IT PICKED UP SPEED FAIRLY SLOWLY, THERE WAS A DEFINATE PICK UP SPEED BUT IT DIDN'T EXACTLY SLOW TO STOP. THE UFO PASSED FROM SIGHT STILL CLIMBING, AND NORTH.

The document appears to be page 5 of 5 pages of a UFO report form from Project Blue Book.


- page 56 -

Here is the text from the document:

-2-

along the East Coast. The other five payloads consisted of
TEB (first one) and TMA (the next four) vapor trails which
formed pale green and blue clouds, less visible than the
sodium.

The payloads were flown on Nike-Apache research rockets
and the vapor trails were ejected at altitude ranges of about
50 to 90 miles. Data on wind conditions were obtained by
photographing the motion of the trails from five camera sites
within a 100-mile radius of Wallops Island.

The first rocket was equipped with a photometer for
observing airglow in sunlight above the dark earth to get
a vertical profile (or chart) of atomic oxygen. The five
other payloads carried Langmuir probes for measuring electron
energy distribution.

The launchings were conducted in cooperation with the
CCA Corporation, Bedford, Mass., under contract to NASA's
Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt, Md. William T. Burns
was the Wallops Station Project Engineer, responsible for
coordinating pre-launch, launch, and tracking operations.

###


- page 57 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

VOL. 35                                                                    25 FEB 68

R.C.O.C.                                                                Green Meteor

Enlargements on photographs from the University of Montpellier in southern France. Above, the exposures were at 1/50, 1/25
(left) and 1/50, below, 1/250 (left) and 1/50. The scale of the last frame is a quarter larger than the rest.

RAZZOW AUTOMATIC SOLAR OPTICAL TELESCOPE

The solar patrol telescope depicted is a versatile automatic tracking sys-
tem for monochromatic studies of flares and related phenomena. The
telescope is precision engineered and manufactured for the most critical
photometric and measurement in research as well as for solar patrol
work. This system is controlled automatically by servo techniques
from a remote control console. (Semi- or fully automated systems
and prominence photography optional.)

FEATURES: 120- or 250-mm. objective lens
- optical resolution to 0.6 second of arc.
Simultaneous observation of the full width
high-resolution cloud-circuit television. 35-
mm. and 70-mm. camera and exposure.
Sun follower with 0.5-second accuracy.
Helio-alpha filter and control for solar
line shift, contrast, and bandwidth. Auto-
matic shunt or solar and reversed.

ACCESSORY EQUIPMENT: 56 scale pro-
jection system, 1,655 mm. or 5,000 mm.
Occulting, coelostat, Automatic exposure con-
trol. Write-light telescope, heliographic co-
ordinate projection system, photographic
step wedge.

Karl Simmons' January 30th photo-
graph of the large sunspot group. It
was taken with a 3-inch refractor.

Daylight facility: Carlos E. Roat, San-
tiago, Puerto Rico, sends this report: "My
telescope, observing a normally quiet sun,
with reflector, was during repairs
that instrument I was using 12 x 50
binoculars and a welder's No. 13 shade
on the objective of Pentax 25th.

At 18:50 Universal time I saw a small,
brilliant object move rapidly to the east
the sun, fast north to south along a
curved path. I seemed to have some-
what better brightness than the


- page 58 -

DEPT(USO)

UFO Observation 25 February 1963

Dr. Charles P. Olivier
American Meteor Society
541 North Lynwood Avenue
Narberth, Pennsylvania 19072

Reference your letter of 13 March 1963 in which we forwarded you a UFO report from Elk Grove Village, Illinois. Attached is a summary of our action on the 25 February 1963 green meteor sighting.

If you need further information, you may want to contact Mr. William Powers of Northwestern University or the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory. If we received further data on this report we will send it to you.

VICTOR QUITANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF    1 Atch
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office             4/5
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate


- page 59 -

Here is the text from the document:

UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA
PHILADELPHIA 19104

Flower and Cook Observatory
                                                                1968 March 20

Major Hector Quintanilla, USAF
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.

Dear Major Quintanilla:     Two letters from you March 18 and another matter from an earlier communication from your AFB will all be attended to in this letter.

First; object of 1967 Oct.27- Report from Blytheville, AFB, of an object sighted between 0616 and 0622 CDT. I have two reports on that date of a bright fireball, one from Studioberry, GA, one by J.W. Olch, Long Beach, Calif. 795-P, one from Sgt. A.W. Bois OSM, 6615 OSM, 6A, one by J.W. Olch, 798-P. The pilot saw it tell vertically on bearing most nearly the first observer from 20 degrees to 20 degrees in longitude, it could hardly have been seen to long a distance. Neither fits the Arkansas report if date given there are no reports.

Second; report by J.A.Marshall for 1963 Feb. 25 2002 GMT. His report fully fits description of a brilliant daylight fireball and without hesitation I would say OK. I now have no other report of this object. If you can get the report of the T-Z pilot mentioned in your note of Feb.26, made near Joliet, Ill. I would be very glad to get it, as then I might be able to complete the report.

Third; unknown object of 1963 March 3 at somewhere near 9 p.m. CST, from Kentucky and Tenn. etc. I now have about 3 or 4 reports. They all could be observed 30 to 120 seconds, most from 1 hour. Unidentified given from about 30 to 120 seconds, most from 1 hour. A duration seems impossible for a fireball, but later independent reports simply exaggerated the duration, but later independent reports confirm the unusual. So that I know of 3 or 4 reports. I have copies of them so its path can be computed as we have here a most unusual object.

Sincerely yours,
[Signature]
C. P. Olivier
AMERICAN METEOR SOCIETY
521 N. Win. STREET AVE
NARBERTH, PA
19072


- page 60 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD

1430 Hours    Called Major Nichols at Chanute AFB. Mr [redacted] an at
20 Mar 68:    Chicago Center called in the report to Chanute. He said
             that a TWA pilot stated that he saw it impact about 47
             miles west of Joliet.

20 Mar 68:    Called Mr [redacted] at Chicago, actually Aurora, Illinois.
             (Autorun 551-1013).
             TIA Flight 9, Captain Dubbs, whose home base is Los
             Angeles called in to him. Stated that it was 40 miles
             at 268 radians from Joliet VOR. (The VOR is about 8 miles
             NNW of Joliet.)
             State Police airplane 551 flew out over the area about an
             hour later and stated that it was still smouldering.
             Chicago's Observatory, (Dearborn), said that they were going
             to go out and investigate, Mr [redacted] thought it came down
             near Dixon, Illinois.


- page 61 -

UFPO (UFO) Maj Quintanilla/70916/ms/16 Mar 68
Observation of February 25, 1963

Dr. J. Allen Hynek

The attached letter from Mr. [redacted], regarding his observation of February 25, 1963 at Elk Grove Village, Illinois, is forwarded to your office due to your interest in meteor observations.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
Ltr, [redacted]
Feb 26, 1968


- page 62 -

TPGT (UFO) Maj. Quintanilla/70915/mas/15 Mar 68

Observation of February 25, 1963

Dr. Charles P. Olivier
American Meteor Society
521 North Wynnewood Avenue
Narberth, Pennsylvania 19072

Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory
60 Garden Street
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02138

The attached letter from Mr. [redacted], regarding his observation of February 25, 1963 at Elk Grove Village, Illinois, is forwarded to your office due to your interest in meteor observations.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
Ltr, [redacted]
Feb 26, [redacted]


- page 63 -

Here is the text from the document:

Apt.
ft. Prospect, Ill.

February 26, 1968

Major Hector Jr. Quintanilla
Chief Head Quarters of Tech-
nical Division (T-DAFB-UFO)
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
Ohio, 45433

Dear Major Quintanilla:

I would like to report to you an observation of astronomical and
optical military interest. First let me say that I am a Flight Movement Estimator for United Air Lines and that I was for 8 years prior to college amateur astronomer being President
of the Illinois branch of the Key Biscayne Astronomical Association.

Before going into my observation I would also like to say that
I had originally contacted the Adler Planetarium in Chicago, whose
staff found the observation of no interest, but directed me to
the Dearborn Observatory at the North Western University in
Evanston, Ill. Here, I spoke to an astronomer by the name of Lee
Simon, who was very interested in the observation. Mr. Simon took
all of my information and said he would advise a Dr. Heinlk, the
director of the observatory, who was out of town, but advised me
in the mean time to find out as much information as I could on
the pilot report (that I will mention later) so that when Mr.
Heinlk contacts me I would be able to give him a complete report. I then contacted a Chicago number of the FAA. In an attempt to learn the identity of the aircraft and possibly the
name of the crew that also observed what I saw, and was referred
to the United States Air Force in Chicago. I was quickly connected to Colonel Hues, who was unable to supply me with information regarding the pilot report, but found my report of
great interest and referred me to you.


- page 64 -

Here is the text from the document:

- 2 -

my report is as follows: I left St. Alexus Hospital in Elk Grove Village, Ill. at approximately 20:02 C.M.T., Feb. 25, 1968, and was walking west when I began to look into the clear blue sky ahead of me. At that moment I was taken about by a beautiful, brilliant, green meteor at a slant range of about 70 degrees azimuth about 270 degrees, which moved north west to a point above my unobscured horizon of a slant range approximately 10 degrees azimuth approximately 300 degrees, where the meteor seemed to disappear. It was hard to estimate the magnitude of the green object as it was daylight, but that it was probably to be 20 times or more brighter than Venus is when it is at its brightest and can be seen in the day time.

Before disappearing the object displayed three dazzling flashes. The first of which occurred about half way down the meteor's path and the last two occurred in quick succession near the end of the path. The flashes were of about the intensity of clear flash bulbs being flashed towards a person about a block away. One last observation that I made was that the first flash gave birth to what appeared to be quick duration sparks in addition to the green meteor. The whole observation occurred over a period of two to three seconds and was accompanied by no detectable sound up to a count of two hundred. It made no visible controls at the time either. Following my observation I contacted a Mr. [redacted], a Long Range Flight Dispatcher of United Air Lines, who contacted Chicago A.R.T.C. with my observation. He learned that an aircraft "was yet unidentified" and reported to them at about the same time as my observation, that an unidentified object had crossed its path and had impacted on the ground just south of the Polo Intersection on airway charts, and that the object appeared to be "smouldering".

This is the extent of my research into this interesting phenomenon, and I would be very happy to repeat to you for clarity anything further in the above that you may find of interest.

Yours very truly,
[signature area redacted]

JAM/dm


- page 65 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                                                21 March 1968

SUBJECT: UFO Sighting of 25 February 1968, near Dixon, Illinois

21 March 68. Called [redacted], Area Code [redacted] Phone [redacted]. He said that he investigated the sighting pretty well. The TWA pilot did not actually see the fireball hit. Neither did the police plane see where it hit. The police plane was flying IFR south of Palo and saw two columns of smoke rising from a field. However, intersection of sightings given by the airline pilot (was interviewed by Smithsonian) and Mr. [redacted] shows that the object couldn't have impacted in that area but probable impacted much further north. Since the Smithsonian and Dearborn have investigated, no further action need by taken by this office.


- page 66 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Top section header - partially illegible]
(Indicates details about phenomenon's movement and direction)

Handwritten notes on diagram:
"Bright Light"
"Other smaller flickering one"

THE RELATION OF THE 2 LIGHTS
IS SLOWLY OFF, THE SMALLER
FLICKERING ONE SHOULD BE ABOUT
HALF AN ... MORE TO THE RIGHT.

[Bottom section instructions]
16. WHAT WAS THE ANGULAR SIZE? HOLD A MATCH AT ARM'S LENGTH IN FRONT OF A KNOWN OBJECT, SUCH AS A STREET
LAMP OR THE MOON. NOTE HOW MUCH OF THE OBJECT IS COVERED BY THE HEAD OF THE MATCH. HOW IF YOU HAD
BEEN ABLE TO PERFORM THIS EXPERIMENT AT THE TIME OF THE SIGHTING, ESTIMATE WHAT FRACTION OF THE
PHENOMENON WOULD HAVE BEEN COVERED BY THE MATCH HEAD.

WHEN THE UFO WAS FIRST SIGHTED AND
HALF TO 1/3 OF IT WAS COVERED - IT WOULD
COVER ABOUT ONE LIGHT OF THE OBJECT.

PAGE 6 OF 9 PAGES


- page 67 -

MEMO FOR THE RECORD                                     26 Feb 63

Subj: Observation of Meteor, 25 Feb 63

On 26 Feb 63, Chanute AFB, Illinois called to inform us of a meteor observation by a TWX Pilot, near Joliet, Illinois on 25 February 1963, 1405 hours, local time. They were quite sure it was a meteor observation, however, if additional information proved them wrong they would forward the report to Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio.


- page 68 -

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
25 FEB 1968
(Day)   (Month)  (Year)

2. Time of day:
6 30
(Hours)  (Minutes)

(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

3. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted Personal Address]   Berlin   Penna
(Street)                   (City or Town)   (State or County)

4. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
15      Minutes
(Hours)  (Minutes)  (Seconds)

5. How certain are you that you can identify the object? (Circle One):
a. Certain   b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure   d. Just a guess

6. How was the time in sight determined?   Watched

7. Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

8. Condition of the sky:
DAY:
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT:
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

9. Object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
a. In front of you   d. To your left
b. In back of you   e. Overhead
c. To your right    f. Don't remember


- page 69 -

FORCE UFO FORM

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

a. As a light
c. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest star? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Blank lines for response]

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other:
[Blank lines for additional details]

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Broke up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 70 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
Out of Sight over Water Tower

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   No   Don't know. If you answered YES, then tell what
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   NONE
b. Color:   Bright & Shiny

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?   3/4

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[A simple drawing of a circle with an arrow pointing to the right]


- page 71 -

Air Force UFO form continued

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?    300

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?    6 miles

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? _______ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No    e. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No    f. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No    h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object with which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A Cars Hubcap


- page 72 -

Official U.S. Air Force

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw the object. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF THERE WAS MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?_________________
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 73 -

UFO form continued

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
NO

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses.
They Do NOT wish to
use Their Names Just yet

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [REDACTED]
ADDRESS [REDACTED]
                Street           City                    Zone    State
TELEPHONE NUMBER [REDACTED]   AGE 26   SEX M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
                Day         Month     Year
Two Friends
for my wife


- page 74 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 26   FEB   68
    Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

Sunday Night, Clear, Temp About 35° to 40°
I was 6:30 PM. No Moon Not MANY STARS
Object APPEARED to BE ABOUT THE SIZE of a
DIME VERY BRIGHT, NO BLINKING LIGHTS CHANGE
SPEED & DIRECTION OFTEN BUT MOSTLY ON A
N.E. COURSE SEEMED to BE ABOUT 5 to 7 miles
HIGH. LOOKED LIKE A BRIGHT STAR. VISIBLE for
15 MIN. ABOUT 6:45 I SAW COV 7 PLANES
GOING IN THE DIRECTION of the OBJECT

I THINK I SAW IT AGAIN AT 7:55 for
ABOUT 3 SEC. SAME SIZE SHAPE BUT DIRECTLY
OVERHEAD

[A date stamp at bottom reads: FEB 26, 1968]


- page 75 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publication without your permission. We request this personal information to that it is deemed necessary.

1. When did you see the object?
25 Feb. 1968

2. Time of day:
4 - 10 P.M.
(Circle One) AM or PM

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One) a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other

(Circle One) a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted location] San Francisco, California

5. How long was object in sight? Total Duration:
a. Certain
b. Fairly Certain

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
Guessing - afternoon

5.2 Was object in sight continuously?
Yes [partially obscured]

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

For San Francisco

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you look at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right

d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164


- page 76 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One)
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One)
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight-pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared (Circle One)
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
[Handwritten text appears to say: "Very optic of light - like white light bulb"]

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharp/outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Burst up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flare or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

Yes   No   Don't know
[All options are marked with "No" or "Don't know"]


- page 77 -

Here is the text from the document:

[Top of form header section is mostly blank/illegible]

20. IN ORDER THAT WE MAY OBTAIN AS CLEAR A PICTURE AS POSSIBLE OF WHAT YOU SAW, DESCRIBE IN YOUR OWN WORDS A COMMON OBJECT OR COURSE, WHEN PLACED IN THE SKY, SIMILAR TO WHAT YOU SAW. DESCRIBE THE PHENOMENON, WOULD BEAR SOME RESEMBLANCE TO WHAT YOU SAW. DESCRIBE SIMILARITIES AND DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE OBJECT AND WHAT YOU SAW.

IT'S HARD TO SAY THIS EXACT A PLACE IS SET'S LIGHT THING IS SO STH A PLACE WAS FAIRLY LARGE, SLIGHTLY TINTED YELLOW, ALWAYS BLINKING IN THE STRANGE SUSPENSE. A LITTLE TIME WEST BEEN AND THEN STOPPED (THE SMALLER LIGHT TO THE RIGHT) AND ELSE THE LIGHTS JUST DIDN'T APPEAR RIGHT.

[Bottom of form shows checkboxes for questions 21 and 4, both marked "NO"]

PAGE 7 OF 9 PAGES


- page 78 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Blurred, disappeared, faded

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Can't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
It moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One)   Yes   No   Can't know.   If you answered YES, then tell what
In front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: ______
b. Color: Shiny, bluish, gray, appeared to glow

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Does 3 feet = an eighth of a palm? From 3 feet (near) distance

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects, label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, projection, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Handwritten notes describing a sketch, including directions like "to N. West", "appeared", and other descriptive text]


- page 79 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of this object?
Circle One:   Yes   No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ____________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
Circle One:   Yes   No   (Roughly a mile or two or mile)
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say? ____________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other: Look for 4 lines

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other: ____________

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North           d. Southeast         g. South           j. West            m. Northwest
b. Northeast       e. Southwest         h. North           k. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____________ miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)   Yes   No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses      Yes   No*     e. Binoculars       Yes   No*
b. Sun glasses     Yes   No*     f. Telescope        Yes   No*
c. Windshield      Yes   No*     g. Theodolite       Yes   No*
d. Window glass    Yes   No*     h. Other: ____________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:
[Handwritten text in this section, partially illegible, appears to describe some details about the observed object]


- page 80 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw the object. Place on "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? 3 ROUND LIGHTS
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 81 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date(s) and location. [blank]

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? Circle One:   Yes   No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? Circle One:   Yes   No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses. [blank]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:

NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted] San Francisco 94115 - Calif.
TELEPHONE NUMBER: [redacted]
AGE: 58   SEX: female

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[partially legible handwritten text, difficult to fully transcribe]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day [blank]   Month [blank]   1968   Year   To Planetarium


- page 82 -

Here is the text from the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    26    Feb    1968
                                             Day   Month   Year

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

At though I was scanning the sky
the object was suddenly overhead
very low from horizon. They have
so broad it was difficult to tell
whether outline was clear or fuzzy)


- page 83 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS SPACE AND MISSILE SYSTEMS (AFSC)
PATRICK AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA 32925

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: ETT/Mr. O'Shaughnessy/494-6866

SUBJECT: Unidentified Flying Object of 25 Feb 68           29 February 1968

TO: TTID (TDETR)
Wright-Patterson AFB
Ohio 45433

1. In accordance with AFR 70-17, para 7a, attachments 1 and 2 are forwarded for your information.

2. Mr. [redacted], [redacted], Cape Canaveral, Florida, reported the sighting to the AFETR Command Post. Mrs. [redacted], Cape Canaveral, Florida, reported the laundry bag launchings to this office on the afternoon of 27 Feb. She had already talked to the newspapers, including the local TODAY. Investigation revealed that the launch sight was 5 or 6 blocks northwest of Mr. Woodhall's home. Winds at that time are listed below:

Altitude (ft)    Direction    Speed (knots)
2000             NW           15
5000             340°         15
9000             530°         10
10000            300°         45

3. The procedural information appearing in Attachment 1 was given to the local Information Service Office during an informal phone conversation. Publication was not expected by this office.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
ERNEST R. MANIERE, Col, USAF
Director of Foreign Technology

2 atchs
1. TODAY article, 27 Feb 68
2. TODAY article, 29 Feb 68


- page 84 -

UFO SIGHTED IN BREVARD

Saucer or Star, Air Force Tracks It

By SANDERS LAMONT
TODAY Aerospace Writer

What glows, moves silently
through the atmosphere and
keeps the Air Force busy?

For lack of a better name, the
military calls them Unidentified
Flying Objects, better known as
UFOs.

Howard Woodall, 420 Monroe
St., in Cape Canaveral, doesn't
believe in flying saucers but he
saw something he didn't understand Sunday night.

Monday, the Air Force was
trying to figure out what it was.
Woodall, like hundreds of
other Brevardians on clear occasions, saw a UFO while standing in his front yard at 8 p.m.
Sunday.

"I know it wasn't an airplane,"
he said Monday.

Unlike most Brevardians,
Woodall called the right people
- the Air Force.

He called the Patrick AFB
operator who put him in touch
with the Eastern Test Range
Command Post.

For about four minutes,
Woodall, his 11-year-old son and
a neighbor watched a glowing
object in the sky.

"I looked just like a rocket
didn't get smaller. It stayed real
big until it got way up," he said.

But the Air Force said there
weren't any rocket launches
Sunday night.

If the UFO is explainable,
Woodall has a good chance of
finding out what it was.

His report was passed on
Monday to the "foreign
technology" office which investigates all UFOs. An Air
Force spokesman said the office
will check with radars, tower
operators and flight controllers
and try to find out if there is a
reasonable explanation.

If it can be identified, the Air
Force will let Woodall know.
If not, the Patrick officials
will forward a report to Wright
Patterson AFB, Ohio, where
there are many, can
write the National Investigations
Committee on Aerial
Phenomena (NICAP) at 1657
Conn. Ave., Washington, D.C.
and local committee members
will investigate.

Most UFOs in Brevard, and
elsewhere turn out to be natural
phenomena or aircraft.

The planet Venus sometimes
appears unusually bright and
brings calls. Sometimes stars
move into positions that make
them appear brighter, or even
appear to be moving about in
the sky.

Persons who spot such objects
should call the Patrick operator
at 494-1110, and the operator will
put them in touch with the proper authorities.

Those who don't trust the Air
Force, and there are many, can


- page 85 -

TODAY, 27 FEB 68, Page 20

BUT IT'S JUST FOR KICKS

The MOUSE WILL STRIKE AGAIN

By HARRY ROSENBLUM
TODAY STAFF WRITER

People in the Cape Canaveral area can relax now - these weird flying sights in the sky are only hallucinations.

And they're only for "kicks."

At least that's the way two enterprising young men put it Wednesday as they explained their "invention" of flying objects (UFOs).

It's just a coincidence, said David Lee Vance, M. and Roger D. Strickland, 18. All you need is a little imagination, and a few pipe cleaners.

The boys are neighbors at Colonial House Apartments in Cape Canaveral. Both are working, scientific-minded.

"It started off as a local project to measure air currents," said David, "and then well ... I got to be lazy."

They have launched in two's three UFOs this week. Two of them were hoaxes. But 11 flew, and that's fact - Friday night one flew over the Air Force Base.

The boys now cite the case of "Whiskey 110," their latest UFO. It was a six-foot-long helium-filled plastic bag with a candle inside. They were and still are proud of their creation.

Another "saucer" one went up Sunday night about 8 p.m. and surprised the neighbors to telephone Police.

The "invention" actually has been around quite a while, Roger, a seventh grader at Roosevelt Junior High School, revealed.

"Whiskey 110" could go up to 15 to 20 minutes and reach heights of 1,500 feet through the open sky. Building candles inside plastic bags are attached to the open end, creating a rising, free-floating device that's hard to identify.

As far as the boys are told, no ill fills the hoaxers by and off at present, sometimes as high as 150 feet.

The boys say adults everywhere from 15 to 20 minutes and east of the Air Force Base with the family are looking forward to their next performance.


- page 86 -

1 - 6 MARCH 1968 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                                OBSERVER                   EVALUATION

Mar     Dayton, Ohio                                                      Other (CANCELLED)
Mar     Wilmington, Delaware                                              Vis: Insufficient
        N. Weaver, N. J. Area                                             Photo: Insufficient
        Rossburg, Ohio                                                    Other (SATELLITE)
        Fryeburg, Maine                                                   Other (SATELLITE)
        Eastern United States (VOLE)             Multiple                 Insufficient Data
        Austin, Pennsylvania                                              Other (SATELLITE)
        Between Corpus Christi and                                        Insufficient Data
        Houston, Texas
        Dayton, Ohio
        Worthington, Ohio
        Davenport, Iowa                          (PHOTO)                  Aircraft
                                                                          Vis: Other (UNREL)
        Dayton, Ohio                                                      Fact: Insufficient
        Warren, Ohio                                                      Insufficient Date
        Bay City, Michigan                                                Astro (STARS/PLAN)
        Dayton, Ohio                                                      Follow
        Dayton, Ohio                                                      Insufficient Data
        Weathering, Ohio                                                  Aircraft
        Amarillo, Texas                                                   Insufficient Date
        Keenerville, Ohio                                                 Aircraft
        Dayton, Ohio                                                      Astro (STARS/PLAN)
        Scranton, Pennsylvania                                            Aircraft
        Peach Valley, Ohio                       Multiple                 Insufficient Data
        Traverse City, Michigan                                           Astro (STARS/PLAN)

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                                SOURCE                    EVALUATION

Mar     Cottage Grove, Oregon                    Newsclipping              Low
Mar     Indianapolis, Indiana                    Low
Mar     New York                                 Low

(CIRCLE) SEPARATE FOLDER


- page 87 -

Here is the text from the document:

Have you ever seen this or a similar phenomenon before? □ YES □ NO. If "YES", GIVE DATE AND LOCATION.

Was anyone with you at the time you saw the phenomenon? □ YES □ NO. If "YES", DID THEY SEE IT TOO?

A. LIST THEIR NAMES AND ADDRESSES:
[Redacted text]

GIVE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF
LAST NAME, FIRST NAME, MIDDLE NAME: [Redacted]
ADDRESS (Street, City, State and Zip Code): [Redacted]
TELEPHONE: [Redacted]                AGE: 13 ± □ MALE [X] FEMALE

INDICATE ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDING OCCUPATION AND ANY EXPERIENCE WHICH MAY BE PERTINENT.

Well, there's not much to say that
EXCEPT I -TO ATTENDED HIGH SCHOOL.
EVERY SURE AND WHILE I'D PICK UP A
BOOK AND LOOK AT THE SPORTS,
BUT NOW AFTER SEEING THIS UFO I'M WONDERING
IF THERE REALLY IS SOMETHING UP THERE.
THERE MAY BE, TO BELIEVE IN UFOS YOU MUST
SEE IT TO BELIEVE IT. WHEN YOU THINK YOU
KNOW WHAT I SAW I'D GREATLY APPRECIATE IT
IF YOU WROTE ME A LETTER EXPLAINING WHAT
I SAW. YOU HAVE MY ADDRESS HERE, THE WHAT
IS STILL FRESH IN MY MIND.

WHEN AND TO WHOM DID YOU REPORT THAT YOU HAD SIGHTED THIS PHENOMENON?
[Partially illegible text]

DATE YOU COMPLETED THIS QUESTIONNAIRE: 14 FEBRUARY YEAR 1968

PAGE 8 OF 3 PAGES


- page 88 -

