OBJECT RECORD

2. LOCATION
Near Minden, Nebraska

10. CONCLUSION
INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION

Z 117 was sent to the observer but he did not return it.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The observer first briefly sighted a green round ball object about 10 minutes later he sighted three objects that had comet-like tails that disappeared toward the west.

Other visible text:
3. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Descended then W
8. PHOTOS: □ Yes ■ No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: □ Yes ■ No

Bottom of form notes:
FTD SEP 68 0-332 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

March 19, 1968

Unidentified Flying Objects Division
United States Air Force
Washington, D. C. 20000

Gentlemen:

At approximately 10:40 P. M., Central Standard Time, my daughter was driving one of our cars one-fourth mile ahead of me, and I was driving my car, with my wife beside me in the front seat, over the Inter-State crossing over the bridge ten miles north of Minden, and we both saw a green round ball object very briefly. My daughter saw it through her rear view mirror and I through my front window.

We continued driving south toward Minden, Nebraska, and at approximately 10:49 P. M., one and one-half miles north of Minden, we three saw what appeared to be perhaps a plane with its landing lights on. As it got closer, we could see it was not a plane. It was three separate objects, very bright, with a white, hot light. They were elliptical in shape and as they came toward us, all of a sudden they turned west. They emitted a red exhaust resembling a comet tail two and one-half times longer than the object. It was hard to determine the height. Soon after they emitted the red rocket burst, they separated and disappeared.

At no time did we feel any heat or experience any difficulty with the car, or any of the other symptoms which we have read in other reports, but we do feel that something unusual took place at this position and at this particular time.

We think it might be connected with the green ball seen ten minutes earlier just over the Platte River near the Minden Inter-Change of Inter-State 80 and Highway, Nebraska, 10.

This is merely to report the sighting of these objects.

Cordially yours,

PAW/ak


- page 2 -

SAF-OICC/Miss Turnure/76526/Mar. 21, 1968

MAR 21 1968

Dear Mr [redacted]

This will reply to your letter of March 19, 1968, in which you described an unidentified flying object (UFO) that you and your family observed.

Without additional information, we cannot offer an explanation of the object you saw. However, if you will complete the attached questionnaire and mail it in the enclosed envelope, our technical people at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base will be able to investigate further and make an evaluation.

Should you ever sight another UFO, please report it as soon as possible to the nearest Air Force base. Each base has a UFO investigator, who is in a better position to make an on-the-spot investigation which usually results in a more accurate analysis.

In the meantime, we are sending you some literature that may help you identify the sighting. Thank you for reporting it to the Air Force.

Sincerely,

DAVID L. STILES
Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments

Coord Cy - SAF-OICC
Atch Cy - SAF-OICC
Activity Cy - SAF-OIG
Reader Cy - SAF-01
Stayback

SAF-OICC
[Signature]


- page 3 -

TPEF (UFO) Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/mha/27 July 1968

UFO Observation

Mr. Charles P. Olivier
521 North Lynnewood Avenue
Narberth, Pennsylvania 15072

Previously you had mentioned that you were interested in a meteor sighting of 19/20 March 1963. The attached letter from Mr. [redacted] does not mention the day or exact date of his observation, also, he did not return the questionnaire that was sent to him.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr, Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologist Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
1st
19 Mar 68


- page 4 -

UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA
PHILADELPHIA 4

Flower and Cook Observatory                                                1966 August 12

Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office,
WPAFB-Patterson A.F.B., Ohio.

Dear Colonel Quintanilla;     In delayed reply to an inquiry from you, I do not have information about the flying object(s) of 8.O. and G. of 27 Sept. 1967, nor of the Neb. object of March 19/20, 1968.

There was a very bright fireball on an arc from Po. and at least one from N.Y. on July 9, 1968 at about 9:25 p.m. E.S.T. A solution has been begun based on about 10 reports. We are due to replace 8 mts from Denver. I was well need more data. For a real solution, Do you have any further details? This probably ended near long. 79°, lat. 41° N. and probably started over Maryland.

The Annual A.M.S. Report for 1967, which is issued as P.O.R. No. 104 has not yet been issued from here. I hope you receive your copy. Several files were discussed in it. Also acknowledgement for the help your office at Wright-Patterson has given us.

Sincerely yours,

Charles P. Olivier

[Stamp at bottom of page with additional contact information]


- page 5 -

