The image does not contain any photograph or visual evidence. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document, containing information about an unidentified object observed in Fairborn, Ohio.

TEXT FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. DATE-TIME GROUP 04/06452
2. LOCATION Fairborn, Ohio (2 witnesses)
3. SOURCE Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION Not reported
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Visual
7. COURSE Not reported
8. PHOTOS: No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: No

10. CONCLUSION Probable Astro (STARS/PLANETS)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
Observer called duty officer to report that for 45 minutes he had been watching a light that (apparently) was changing colors between red, yellow, white and green. At the time of the call the light was still in sight.

- page 1 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC) 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF:

TDPT/UFO                                                   MAR 1 3 1968
SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 4 March 1968

TO:     Mr. & Mrs. XXXXX
        Miamisburg, Ohio 45342

Reference your recent unidentified flying object sighting which you reported to the Air Force. The investigation which was conducted is now complete. The information which you have provided is not sufficient for a scientific investigation. Request you return the attached envelope. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

/s/ AMES C. MCANATT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production
1 Atch
AF Form 117

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs, only a questionnaire form from the U.S. Air Force's Project Blue Book. I will now act as an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system and produce the text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your answers will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 
Day: 1
Month: 15
Year: 63

2. Time of day:
Hour: 4
Minutes: 35
(Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central 
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other: Daylight

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Redacted] - 2
City or Town - _
State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Hours: 30
Minutes: 0 
Seconds:

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain 
c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess

5.1 How was time in sight determined? 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY: - 
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

NIGHT:
a. Bright
b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
b. In back of you
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a document page with a questionnaire or form related to an unidentified flying object (UFO) observation.

The text in the document is as follows:

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Don't remember
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight — pitch dark
d. Don't remember  

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer 
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: (handwritten response)

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change color?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire filled out by a witness.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what: 
In front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: 
b. Color: Dull greyish-white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Approx. 9 inches at full arm's length

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[Drawing is provided]

TRANSCRIPT OF TEXT:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
No

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? 
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what:
It moved behind a cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes    No    Don't Know.   If you answered YES, then tell what:
In front of.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:
b. Color: Dull greyish-white 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Approx. 9 inches at full arm's length

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 5 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, with a series of questions and answer options related to the sighting of an unidentified object.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? [Answer filled in]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object? 
(Circle One): a. Inside a building, b. In a car, c. Outdoors, d. In an airplane (type), e. At sea, f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One): a. In the business section of a city?, b. In the residential section of a city?, c. In open countryside?, d. Near an airfield?, e. Flying over a city?, f. Flying over open country?, g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One): a. North, b. Northeast, c. East, d. Southeast, e. South, f. Southwest, g. West, h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? ____ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following? a. Eyeglasses, b. Sun glasses, c. Windshield, d. Window glass, e. Binoculars, f. Telescope, g. Theodolite, h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

- page 6 -

The image contains a compass-like diagram that appears to be used to describe the motion and position of a UFO sighting. There is no photograph present in this image.

OCR output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place a dot on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place a "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
   No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
   Yes     No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
   Yes     No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
   (Redacted)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
   NAME: (Redacted)
   ADDRESS: (Redacted)
   TELEPHONE NUMBER: (Redacted)
   AGE: (Redacted)
   SEX: (Redacted)
   Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent:
   (Redacted)

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
   Day: (Redacted)
   Month: (Redacted)
   Year: (Redacted)

- page 8 -

