The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a Project Blue Book record form with information about a reported UFO sighting.

PROJECT 12273 RECORD
1. DATE-TIME GROUP  6-22-68 
2. LOCATION           Miamisburg, Ohio
3. SOURCE             Civilian 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS  1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION  20 minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION    Ground Visual
7. COURSE              140 
8. PHOTOS              No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE      No
10. CONCLUSION        Probable Astro: ALTAIR
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Report as given to Duty Officer: Observer sighted a reddish white, green light that was stationary, however moved in a circular motion. The object was seen in the ESE at an elevation about 55 degrees. COMMENTS: Although reported to the duty officer as unusual, considered insufficient without a complete 117 to indicate evidence definitely to have been of a star. Altair at an azimuth of 115 degrees and an elevation of 30 degrees as a stellar map of plus 89 has a stellar map of plus 89.
FTD FORM 612 (TDE)

- page 1 -

The image does not contain any photographs or visual elements. It appears to be a scanned page from a document, likely a Project Blue Book report, that contains handwritten text.

The handwritten text on the page reads:

"Airmen at 0630 of 20 Augist 1963
Altitude at Ler at 3300 feetAugist 1963
Range at about of 55 degree 1900"

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division (AFSC), regarding a UFO observation on 6 February 1968 in Miamisburg, Ohio.

Here is the text found in the document:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 6 February 1968

TO: Mr. [redacted]
Miamisburg, Ohio 45342

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to a UFO sighting on 6 February 1968, would you please complete the attached Air Force Report form? If you are not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Air Technical Intelligence Center
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO

ATTN OF: TDPT/UNO

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 6 February 1968

TO: MIAMISBURG, OHIO 45342

Reference your recent unidentified flying object sighting which you reported to the Air Force. The information which we have received is not sufficient for a scientific investigation. If you can complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the self-addressed envelope, thank you for reporting your observation.

JAMES C. MARETT, Colonel, USAF
Director of Production

- page 4 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We require this personal information so details.

1. When did you see the object? 4 MAY 68
2. Time of day: 8:30 AM (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern, b. Central, c. Mountain, d. Pacific, e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? MIAMISBURG-MAIN ST OH
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 20 MINUTES Seconds
5.1 How was time in sight determined? SEEN VISUALLY, CLOCKED 
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes - No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY, BRIGHT
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you, b. To the back of you, c. To your right, d. To your left, e. Overhead, f. Don't remember

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in the provided image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

N / R
b. A few
c. Many  
d. Don't remember

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Scattered clouds
c. Overcast or heavy rain  
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One): 
a. Dr
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember  

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object: Little brighter than average stars.

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other_ MORE OR LESS ROUND _

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and slow down? Yes  
c. Break up into parts or explode? Yes
d. Give off smoke? Yes
e. Change brightness? Yes
f. Change shape? Yes
g. Flash or flicker? Yes
h. Disappear and reappear? Yes

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, but rather a page from what appears to be an old UFO report document. The page contains various questions and answers about an unidentified object that was observed.

Page 3
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? 
No STILL VISIBLE

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes NO Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes NO Don't Know.
IF you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound NO
b. Color Green (Bright) & not a bright red & white

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had informed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? OVER 10 DEGREES

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially show any trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Circular shape --> Seems to be pointed craft sharp

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In the open country/side?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No
e. Binoculars Yes No
f. Telescope Yes No
g. Treadline Yes No
h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw. 
Radiant brilliant light. Visible as a glowing-brilliant orb of blue-white light. No sound heard at all. Light pulsated - flashing very rapidly - like strobe light. Maneuver was very rapid. Moved very rapidly back and forth and up and down - darting and zig-zagging motions - sweeping. But, able to make very fast and abrupt changes in its velocity and direction.

- page 8 -

The image contains a diagram showing a compass with labeled angles, as well as a sketch of a "circular motion" path. There is no photograph present in this page of the document.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

90*  75*  60*
         |
         |
  55* _ _   A
         |
         |
  43*
         |
         |
  30*
         |
         |
  15*
         |
         |
   0*

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

CIRCULAR MOTION

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? ----NO----
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 9 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report form.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so give date or dates and location.
Person who was home says they saw it 6 times about two months ago

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes 
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Name, Same Address

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [Redacted] 
ADDRESS Miamisburo, Ohio 45342
TELEPHONE NUMBER [Redacted]
AGE 40 SEX Male
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
On watch Patrol in Coast Guard approx 1947 - 1948

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
9 - 6 - 68 TO FTD DUTY OFFICER

- page 10 -

