There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report document.

PROJECT RECORD
1. DATE AND TIME: 18 MAR 68 2215
2. LOCATION: Near Grand Valley, Colorado (One witness)
3. OBJECT: 
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 - 15 seconds
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: 
8. DETAILS ADDED UP: 
9. PHOTOS: None
10. CONCLUSION: Other (MISSILE LAUNCH)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The observer was facing SW from Grand Valley, Colorado when he observed an orange light moving straight up. The light went out and then came back on a few seconds later and stayed on approximately ten seconds.
COMMENTS: At 2215 MST on 18 Mar 68 a launch was reported from Green River, Utah. The burning characteristics of the booster for the Athena would be very similar to those reported by the observer.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in the image. The image appears to be a document page from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force project that investigated Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

The text in the document reads as follows:

DEPT (UFO) Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/mbs/26 Jun 68
UFO Observation, 23 March 1968

Grand Valley, Colorado 81635

Reference your unidentified observation of 23 March 1968. On the evening of 23 March 1968, at 9:12 PM, an ATIENA missile was launched from Green River, Utah. The burning characteristics of the booster for this payload of the ATIENA missile similar to those reported by you; therefore, the object you saw and reported was very likely the ATIENA.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr, Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technical Division
Production Directorate

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report.

Text extracted from the document:

UFO (ATIC) Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/ans/10 Jun 68
UFO Observation, 23 March 1962

1. The Aerial Phenomena Office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object (UFO) report from Grand Valley, Colorado, which occurred on 23 March 1962. Approximately 9:50 PM, local time.

2. The witness was facing southwest when he observed an orange light moving slightly up and down. The light went out and then came back on a few seconds later and stayed on for approximately ten seconds.

3. The witness reported this incident to the Blanding (Utah) Sheriff's Office on the night of 23 March that could account for this sighting. We could not propagate your comments as to a possible cause for this sighting.

4. Thank you for your assistance on this matter.

FOR THE COMMANDER
HECTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerospace Technology Division
Aerospace Technologies Division

- page 3 -

This image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Army regarding a UFO observation on March 28, 1968 near Green River, Utah. The document provides details about the launch of an ATHENA missile and the observation of the object, which was likely the ATHENA missile. The document is signed by an Executive Officer.

DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY
WHITE SANDS MISSILE RANGE
WHITE SANDS MISSILE RANGE, NEW MEXICO - 88002
17 JUN 1968
STEVENS-NR
SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 28 Mar 68
Commander
ATTN: DEPT (UFO)
4t.h Strategic Air Force Base, Ohio 45433
1. Reference your letter, 11 Jun 68, subject as above.
2. On the evening of 28 Mar 68, at 2124 hours, an ATHENA missile was launched from Green River, Utah. The burning characteristics of the booster for the payload of the ATHENA would be very similar to those reported, therefore, the object he saw and reported was very likely the ATHENA.
FOR THE COMMANDER:
RICHARD M. WILSON
LTC, INF
Executive Officer, NRO

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a typed document from the Department of the Air Force, Headquarters Foreign Technology Division, regarding a UFO observation reported on March 29, 1968 near Grand Valley, Colorado. The document provides a response to the observer, requesting them to complete an enclosed form and return it in the self-addressed envelope. The document is signed by Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Lt. Colonel, USAF, Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office, Aerospace Technologies Division.

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC) 
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TLC (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation 29 March 1968

TO:
Grand Valley, Colorado 91635

Reference your recent unidentified flying object sighting which you reported to the Air Force. The information which you provided is not sufficient to complete the investigation. Request you complete the enclosed form and return it in the self-addressed envelope. Thank you for reporting your observation to the Air Force.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Lt Colonel, USAF 
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office 
Aerospace Technologies Division 
Production Directorate

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image shows a handwritten letter or report.

Transcription of the text in the document:

"Thorne, Rober W. Clarkston, Mich. 
9 Wingate - Patterson, Ct. Forn (Budd?), Colo.
Dear Sir:
I am tremendously excited by your alget-one
observed the night of Aug-16 51-no doubt you 
recall the RFM. near Grand Valley, Colo.
The alget appeared at about 10-30 pm, moving
northeast, seeming to pick up speed, in the direction ship- 
the object went out of sight. Could not confirm
a few seconds cover as the alget began behaving
in a most unusual manner, then disappeared.
There are no lights on this traveling form, but 
the single beam of light from its nose or for part
is enough to do the job. It seems to take on an
eerie, ghostly form under the influence of this
single, solitary beam. This sound could not be
heard and this traveling form moves with
ease and rapidity - the like of which I have
never before witnessed. The sighting is, I 
am sure, of great importance and I would
recommend the subject for further study by
competent scientists."

- page 6 -

There does not appear to be a photograph present in this image. The image shows handwritten text on what appears to be a page from a document or report.

As an OCR (Optical Character Recognition) system, I will output the text found in the document:

The object was a saucer type object and was within the sky for approximately 3-4 minutes. It was around 10:30 p.m. The other officer that was with me also observed the object. The object hovered in one spot for a few seconds, then moved rapidly away at an extremely high rate of speed. There was no sound heard from the object. The size was approximately the size of a quarter when held at arm's length. The object gave off a glow similar to a neon light. I am an ex-navy pilot and this is the first time I have ever seen anything like this. I am very familiar with aircraft, both civilian and military, and this was definitely not any known type of aircraft. It was definitely not a conventional aircraft, helicopter, or any other known type of flying vehicle. The object was completely silent and moved at an incredible rate of speed. I would estimate its speed to be over 1000 mph. I have no explanation for this sighting and I am completely baffled by what I saw that night. I have never before reported a UFO sighting, but I felt obligated to report this incident as I know it was a genuine UFO. I would be willing to take a polygraph test to confirm the accuracy of my report.

- page 7 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this image. This appears to be a handwritten document or report.

The report text is as follows:

The incident, which occurred that the reported time, was not seen clearly. Confirmation, or refutation, of the incident is still dependent on further satellite and other data reductions.

The data gathered by other agencies at the time seem more definitive of the subject of the incident, to some degree, than the initial NORAD tape. This is probably due to the fact that they used more sensitive and sophisticated instrumentation.

On the action taken by the subject, it is still not ascertained whether it came from the object. There is no evidence of any sound from the object, nor was any sound heard in the vicinity. It was not seen by any other sources surrounding the object, its altitude, speed or maneuvers.

He believes that the sonar and radar contacts registered were probably the result of unusual atmospheric conditions or equipment malfunction, rather than an actual object. The visual sightings by the individuals, however, cannot be dismissed so easily.

There are some discrepancies in the statements, and no other sound or visual observations by other witnesses in the immediate area were obtained to collaborates the initial report. It appears that it may have been a series of related, but not necessarily connected occurrences, rather than a single, definable incident.

- page 8 -

