There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report, containing details about a UFO sighting.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
  25 Jan 66 - 1540/4542

2. LOCATION
  Westport, Conn.

3. SOURCE
  Civilian 

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
  One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
  4 Minutes, 20 Seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
  Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
  Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
  No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
  No

10. CONCLUSION
  Possible (AIRCRAFT)

No course is given but the description is fairly consistent with that of an aircraft. Observer sighted numerous red and white blinking lights that seemed rotating in a circular pattern. Observer said that it was 'as if an airplane going around in circular pattern.' No noise was heard.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a U.S. Air Force Technical Information questionnaire form, likely related to a UFO sighting report from Project Blue Book.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any comments.
If you wish to remain anonymous, or if additional personal information is necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 12 th Jan. 1960 A.D.
2. Time of day: 11 :25 Hour Minute (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Westport Connecticuit Nearest Postal Address City or Town State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 5 Hours Minutes Seconds a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? 25: 30
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No
6. What was the condition of the sky? DAY: a. Clear b. Cloudy NIGHT: a. Clear b. Bright c. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle One): a. In front of you b. To your left c. To your right d. Behind you e. Don't remember

FORM FTD OCT 62 164 Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service May 1966

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document with a questionnaire filled out.

8. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Many, d. Don't remember
8.2 MOON (Circle One): a. Bright moonlight, b. Dull moonlight, c. No moonlight - pitch dark, d. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT?
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): a. Dry, b. Fog, mist, or light rain, c. Moderate or heavy rain, d. Snow, e. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Vapor

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STARS? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. Dimmer

11.1 COMPARE BRIGHTNESS TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: Lighting blinking on a distant building

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE (Circle One): a. Fuzed or blurred, b. Like a bright star, c. Simply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT (Circle One for each question): a. Appear to stand still at any time? YES, b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? NO, c. Break up into pieces? YES, d. Give off sparks? YES, e. Change brightness? YES, f. Flash or flicker? NO, g. Disappear and reappear? YES

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) (Yes) No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? 1,500 MPH

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) (Yes) No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 1/2 MILE

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airport?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 36 miles per hour
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) (Yes) No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Binoculars (Yes)
b. Sun glasses (Yes)
c. Windshield (No)
d. Window glass (Yes)

26. In order that we can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or another object, which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

A CIGAR SHAPED OBJECT WITH FLASHING LIGHTS AROUND IT MOVING AT A FAST SPEED.

- page 4 -

The image contains a page from an old UFO report document. There is no photograph present in this particular page.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color 

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

Text extracted:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? (Circle One:) YES Don't Know. IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color
18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

- page 5 -

The image contains a sketch illustrating a compass with angular degrees marked around the circumference. There is also an arrow pointing towards a path or motion that the object or objects made, as described in the text below the sketch.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 6 -

The provided image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
- No response provided.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Miss [redacted]

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: [redacted]
ADDRESS: [redacted]
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 182 SEX: MALE
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
I have done quite a bit of research on matter and research and info. from govt.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
11 February 1968 Police

- page 7 -

The image provided does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a project blue book report, with a form being filled out. The text on the form includes the following:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: __ Day __ Month __ Year
35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

There is a handwritten response provided in the space for question 35, but no other text or images are present in the provided image.

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

Dear Blue Book,

Please notify me re my letter to you 18 Jan 68
     I was a bit concerned and would like you to 
send me same information that is important to me.
Also, would you please send me some information
that is credible and factual that you may have
regarding UFOs. I would be pleased to have any
information you may want to share.

Thank you,
George Fogarty

- page 9 -

