The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 9/16/68 1723

2. LOCATION: Greenfield, Iowa

3. SOURCE:

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: 1

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 10 seconds

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Visual

7. COURSE: Stationary

8. PHOTOS: None

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None

10. CONCLUSION: Probable (AIRCRAFT)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
The observer sighted a light that seemed to be brighter than the planet Venus. The light appeared to be moving rapidly. The observer stated that it would simply disappear and then reappear. The object was observed for only about 10 seconds and was described as being the size of a small source, such as a red light. It is undetermined, but it may have been an aircraft.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book UFO report document.

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please to answer as completely as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or findings, unless it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 3 / 12 / 68
2. Time of day: 7 20 Hours Minutes (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.
3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern b. Central c. Mountain d. Pacific e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object? Intestate 80 just east of Guthrie exit Town Iowa State or County
5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) Hours 10 Minutes 40 Seconds
a. Certain b. Fairly certain c. Not very sure d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? Estimation
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X No
6. What was the condition of the sky?
a. DAY: Bright b. Cloudy
NIGHT: a. Clear b. Cloudy
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Circle one)
a. In front of you d. To your left
b. In back of you e. Overhead
c. To your right f. Don't remember

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book, containing a questionnaire with various multiple-choice questions about the observed object.

Performing OCR on the text in the document:

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. <None>
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight 
c. No moonlight--pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. (As a light)
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars?
(Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Brighter than Venus usually appears

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One):
a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a point source of light
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

13. Did the object: (Circle One for each question)
a. Appear to stand still at any time? (Yes) (No) Don't know
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time? (Yes) (No) Don't know
c. Break up into parts or explode? (Yes) (No) Don't know
d. Give off smoke? (Yes) (No) Don't know
e. Change brightness? (Yes) (No) Don't know
f. Change shape? (Yes) (No) Don't know
g. Flash or flicker? (Yes) (No) Don't know
h. Disappear and reappear? (Yes) (No) Don't know

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book document with a series of questions and answer fields.

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, How?
The handwritten answer indicates "No" and provides additional details about the object's behavior.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The response options "Yes" and "No" are circled, along with "Don't know" for the question.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
The response options "Yes" and "No" are circled, along with "Don't know" for the question.

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound - "None"
b. Color - "A light yellow thing"

18. We want to get the angular size. Hold a match at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. In other words, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
The handwritten response provides a detailed description of the object's size and coverage.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially outline or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
The handwritten response includes a simple sketch labeled with an arrow.

Transcribed Text:
14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, How?
No, it did not disappear completely. It disappeared just like a light would.
15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES (No) Don't know IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind:
16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): YES (No) Don't know IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of:
17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound None
b. Color A light yellow thing
18. We want to get the angular size. Hold a match at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. In other words, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
About the size of a dime or smaller at arm's length.
19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially outline or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
[There is a simple sketch of an arrow-shaped object with a handwritten note.]

- page 4 -

There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page from the Project Blue Book document. The image shows a form with questions related to sightings of unidentified flying objects.

PROJECT BLUE BOOK
20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was? (Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
22. Where were you located when you saw the object? (Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In the car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other
23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
24. IF YOU WERE MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North b. Northeast c. East d. Southeast e. South f. Southwest g. West h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? 60 miles per hour.
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object? (Circle One) Yes No
25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
b. Sun glasses
c. Windshield
d. Window glass

Yes (No)
Yes (No)
Yes (No)
Yes (No)

e.
f.
g.
h.

Binoculars
Telescope
Theodolite
Other

Yes
Yes
Yes

(No)
(No)
(No)

26. In the space below you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your words a common object such as when placed up in the sky, would appear very strange to you.
Of Aircraft...The Air Traffic is the Feature of a heavy plane trailing...white lights to the left.

- page 5 -

The image contains a drawing of a compass with various angles and markings. There does not appear to be any photograph present in this page of the report.

Text output:

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are looking at a place and "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon. Place an "B" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass when you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was more than one object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction they were traveling.

Apparently the observer was shown multiple objects and asked to indicate how high the objects were above the horizon and how the objects moved and were arranged. The report seems to be soliciting detailed observations and drawings from the witness.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before? If so, give date or dates and location.
No

Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? 
(Circle One) (Yes) No
31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) (Yes) No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Fontanelle, Iowa
name address below

Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS Greenfield City, State Zip
TELEPHONE NUMBER AGE SEX 
Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent. 
I know enough about astronomy to know that we can't explain everything about what goes on in the sky, and it was brighter than any stars it was close to.

When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
Day 10 Month Year 68
LRC - Reg Bliss, Gen. Baker, Lt. Col Norris

- page 7 -

The image does not contain any photographs. Performing optical character recognition (OCR) on the text in the document:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: Dec 21 1968
35. Information which you feel pertinent and does not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of
I should simply have a diamond this was an airplane sighting for the intense brilliance of the light from awl which was shining brightly. This bright light was not necessarily a red light, but a tail light.

SEND TO: U.F.O. Report
Air Force Research and Development 
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Dayton, Ohio

- page 8 -

