There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, with a form containing various fields related to a UFO sighting.

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE/TIME GROUP: 13/00382
2. LOCATION: CLARION, PENNSYLVANIA (NEAR C.W.A.)
3. SOURCE: CIVILIAN
4. DESCRIPTION OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 6 Minutes
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: Static
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: The observer does not state how the object disappeared and was sent a form 117 but did not return it. The sighting could not be explained and was considered an unidentified sighting.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph or image present in this document. The document appears to be a handwritten letter or correspondence.

Department of the Air Force
Washington 25, D.C.
Office of the Sec.
Dear sir:
In my schedule as going to have a science contact, I would likely to send me some pictures and of rockets & satellites. Ac?. I. hand.

fjd/090
Was here part this information a. Fg.796.4 is all yours!

Sincerely yours
T.J.T.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book UFO report document.

Acting as an OCR system, I will output all the text found in the document:

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as possible. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object? 12 Jan 1968

2. Time of day: 10:57 (Circle One): A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: (Circle One): a. Eastern (Circle One): a. Daylight Saving b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object? Miller, Pennsylvania

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration) 0 Hours 0 Minutes Seconds

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Observed

5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes

6. What was the condition of the sky? (NIGHT) c. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object? (Not applicable)

FTO FORM 164 Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service May 1966

- page 3 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document with a form-style layout containing questions and checkboxes for the observer to fill out.

B. IF YOU SAW THE OBJECT AT NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE CONCERNING THE STARS AND MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One): a. None, b. A few, c. Bright moonlight, d. Dull moonlight
8.2 MOON (Circle One): e. No moonlight, pitch dark, f. Don't remember

9. WHAT WERE THE WEATHER CONDITIONS AT THE TIME YOU SAW THE OBJECT? 
CLOUDS (Circle One): a. Clear sky, b. Hazy, c. Scattered clouds, d. Thick or heavy clouds
WEATHER (Circle One): e. Dry, f. Fog, mist, or light rain, g. Raining, or heavy rain, h. Snow, i. Don't remember

10. THE OBJECT APPEARED: (Circle One): a. Solid, b. Transparent, c. Dull, d. Don't remember

11. IF IT APPEARED AS A LIGHT, WAS IT BRIGHTER THAN THE BRIGHTEST STAR? (Circle One): a. Brighter, b. About the same, c. Dimmer, d. Don't know

11.1 COMPARE APPEARANCE TO SOME COMMON OBJECT: Almost twice as bright as the stars.

12. THE EDGES OF THE OBJECT WERE: (Circle One): a. Clearly outlined, b. Fuzzy or blurred, c. Sharply outlined, d. Don't remember

13. DID THE OBJECT: (Circle One for each question) 
a. Appear to stand still at any time?: Yes, No, Don't know 
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?: Yes, No, Don't know
c. Give off sparks?: Yes, No, Don't know
d. Change brightness?: Yes, No, Don't know
e. Disappear and reappear?: Yes, No, Don't know
f. Flash or flicker?: Yes, No, Don't know
g. Dispute and drop?: Yes, No, Don't know

- page 4 -

The image contains a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be some kind of aerial object or phenomenon. The sketch shows a bright light or object with a dimmer light or object nearby, and the text underneath states "The object has a bright light satellite or gases?".

Output of the OCR text:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how? NO

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud? YES (IF you answered YES, then tell what behind it moved... bright light dim in the sky)

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud? NO (IF you answered YES, then tell what in front of it moved...)

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object: 
a. Sound No sound
b. Color White or pale yellow

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick or arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the match head. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head? 2 to 3 degrees

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object you have described such as wings, protrusions, etc.; and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails. Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

BRIGHT 
LIGHT

DIM
LIGHT (seen
after about 15 seconds)

- page 5 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    YES    (NO)
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    YES    (NO)
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
f. Other _______________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ____________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    b. Northeast    c. East    d. Southeast    e. South    f. Southwest    g. West    h. Northwest
24.2 How fast were you moving? _______________ miles per hour.
24.3 Did you observe the object while you were looking at the object? (Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    (No)
b. Sun glasses    Yes    (No)
c. Windshield    Yes    (No)
d. Window glass    Yes    (No)
e. Binoculars    Yes    (No)
f. Telescope    Yes    (No)
g. Theodolite    Yes    (No)
h. Other ______________

26. In order that you can give us a clear picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects with which when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

I could not make out its light; it was a whitish glow against a night sky with detail visible. It seemed to revolve or turn slowly, with an irregular, flickering light intensity. The color was more white than yellow.

- page 6 -

There is no photograph present in this image. It appears to be a page from an old UFO report document that contains various sketches and instructions for the viewer.

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

- page 7 -

This page from the Project Blue Book document does not contain any photographs. The image shows a form with various questions and fields for the witness to fill out, but no visual depiction of the reported UFO sighting.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE IMAGE:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
  No

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)
  Yes

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)
  Yes

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
  Same as mine, Father (address)

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME: 
ADDRESS: 
TELEPHONE NUMBER: 
AGE: 53 SEX: M

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experiences, which might be pertinent.
I have no vital experiences at night.
I want to become a citizen.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
  10/27/67       Month       Year

- page 8 -

The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a document, likely a questionnaire or report, related to Project Blue Book, a historical U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

The text on the page includes:

34. Date you completed this questionnaire: 27 Jan 1968

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

- page 9 -

This image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old Project Blue Book document, which was a US Air Force investigation into unidentified flying objects (UFOs).

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 12 January 1968

TO: Mr. 
Brownsville, Pennsylvania 15417

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object. If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 12 January 1968, it is in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. The information which you provide will be used in evaluating this observation.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

- page 10 -

