Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
5 December 1968 06/005

2. LOCATION
Bellefontaine, Ohio

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
See Case

8. PHOTOS
☐ Yes
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☐ Yes
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
Investigating officer did not feel the report was reliable.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
See Case Files

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)
Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

OOP (DEW)                                                16 Dec 1968

UFO REPORT

FTD (Sgt. Jones)
Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio

1. Enclosed is a copy of the investigation conducted by this unit in response to a reported UFO in our area. All available data was researched and included in report.

2. The results of our investigation, while not specifically identifying the object, seem to indicate that, due to the nature of the sighting and the information supplied by the informant, further investigation is unnecessary.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
DONALD E. WADDELL, III, 2nd Lt., USAF
Unit UFO Officer


- page 2 -

A report of an unusual flying object was received at this base by SSgt J.A. Booth the 5th of Dec 1968 at 2205. The reporter, called by telephone and his description of the incident can be found in Appendix I of this report.

On receiving the report SSgt Booth reported the incident to Lt. Donald E. Waddell, UFO Officer for the 646th. The 5th of Dec Lt. Waddell contacted Wright-Patterson AFB (DETE) reported the incident to Sgt Jones who instructed a follow up report be filed as per AFR 80-17.

The same day Indianapolis ARTCC was contacted concerning the incident. The watch supervisor said no unusual air traffic was observed in the area the 5th but that it was impossible to determine how much air traffic was in the area at the time. The Ohio State Patrol said no other reports were received concerning the sighting.

A personal interview with the witness raised some speculation concerning the credibility of this story as he contradicted himself several times. The object, he said, was observed between 2005-2020, approximately 30° above the horizon, moving first east then to the south. The object was observed while the individual was driving (a 1960 Chevrolet) on state road #9 at 50-55 mph. He further described the object as light in color, self-illuminating, solid circle with fuzzy edges. It was about the size of a grapefruit and two miles away. Asked if it was his first sighting of such an object, he said yes but later told of a similar experience in April of 1968 in the same general area which he described as follows: a black object heading towards him at a moderate rate of speed which when coming to him turned 90° and at the same time turned a bluish-white and disappeared. There was another observer to this particular event but did not know who it was.

Originally he indicated that the sky was clear of any objects such as air traffic during the sighting but later said that it was a small aircraft flying north in the area which first drew his attention to the object.

The witness is a male, 19 years of age who is an assembly line worker at Airstream Manufacturing Co. His address is Bellefontaine, Ohio. No scientific or technical background and is a high school graduate.


- page 3 -

APPENDIX I

I was heading east, object was heading east on county road 25, object was ahead a little bit to the left front of car, could look through windshield, front, witness, I turned south on county road 9, object still went straight on ahead. When I passed a house, which was on left side of road, I noticed object was now going southerly direction, and I could see it with ease through left front door window. When I turned onto state road 47 object also turned in direction I did toward Bellefontaine. Object appeared not to make any precise 90 turns. When I got to Williams & Main St. the object took off quickly, straight up when I stopped. Coming to Bellefontaine I could see the object with ease through left front door window. I had stopped three times and object stopped at same time. Third time I stopped there weren't any buildings close by and slight wind. I rolled down window, thinking it might have been a reflection on window, but object still appeared in sky. Object made high pitch humming sound. Object looked round and bluish-white in color. I couldn't tell size, appeared to be about 2 miles from car. At this time I was about one mile from state road 47. Sky was clear, I didn't see any clouds.


- page 4 -

