PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE/TIME: 7/0/134
2. LOCATION: Walker, Minnesota
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: 20 Minutes or Less
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: No
8. PHOTOS: ☐ Yes ☒ No
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ☐ Yes ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION: INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR EVALUATION
In accordance with present policy, the sighting is being evaluated as INSUFFICIENT DATA since it was not reported within 30 days.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS:
The observer sighted a yellowish star-like object. The observer said that though it appeared to be standing still, it seemed to be higher and higher in the sky at intervals of several minutes. Then we lost it when we drove to our destination and I saw it high in the sky, about 90 deg as I stepped out of the car and it zipped across the sky to about 60 deg.

FORM
FTD SLP 64 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

6 Feb 68

USAF (SAFDICC)
J. Turnure

Ref the attached UFO rpt from Minnesota, regarding her unidentified observation of 6 February 1968. Please inform her that her sighting is too old to investigate. In the future she should report her sighting as soon as possible to the nearest air base, etc.

TPFT (UFO) W-P AFB, Ohio 45433
24 Jun 68
70916


- page 2 -

APPENDIX B

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may solicit you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
6 February 1968

2. Time of day: 7:15 to about 7:45 CST

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Nearest Postal Address: Village of Walker, Cass County, Minnesota

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
Approximately 30 minutes or less

5.1 How was time in sight determined? Left home about 7:15. Believe I arrived at destination approximately 7:45.
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes No—X

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                   NIGHT
a. Bright             a. Bright
b. Cloudy             b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FTD FORM
OCT 62 164     Reproduced by Library of Congress, Legislative Reference Service
                May 1966


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 2

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered cloud
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor

d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One):
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Heavier about light

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One) a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Shortly outlined
d. Don't remember

c. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   ?   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes. It vanished instantaneously.

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell when
it moved behind: ________

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes   (No)   Don't Know.   IF you answered YES, then tell what
in front of: ________

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound:   None that I could hear.
b. Color:   Color of a star. Probably like a yellow light, translucent

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?

It was a little larger than the largest star. The largest two objects in the sky seemed to be a large star in the eastern sky, which is visible every night at that time of year, and then this object which started in the north-northeast.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object then you saw such as wings, protrusion, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[A hand-drawn sketch of an oval/elliptical object with radiating lines around it and two arrows indicating movement]

It first looked like merely a large star. After watching it a while, about ten or fifteen minutes (not constantly), we believed it looked bigger, translucent, and somewhat horizontal in the midst of the bright light which kept us from seeing the exact shape.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate? ________________

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? ________________

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other ________________

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other ________________

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North    d. South    g. West
b. Northeast    e. Southwest    h. Northwest
c. East    f. Southeast

24.2 How fast were you moving?    10    miles per hour. when I first saw it.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No    e. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No    f. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No    h. Other ________________

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

Just a light so bright that we couldn't see exactly what it looked like


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place on "A" on the curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass where you first saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place on "A" at the beginning of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course. Though it appeared to be standing still, it seemed to be higher and higher in the sky at intervals of several minutes. Then we lost it when we drove to our destination, and I saw it high in the sky, about 90° as I stepped out of the car and it zipped across the sky to about 60°.

Second sighting of object:

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? Only one.
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

Never.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One) Yes No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:

I am not at liberty to give anyone else's name or address.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME
ADDRESS
TELEPHONE NUMBER
AGE 39 SEX F

Occupation - stenographer.

Please do not publicize my name.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?

7 February 1968 Cass County Sheriff's office, Walker Minnesota.


- page 8 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:    27    May    1968

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

The object was first seen by my friend while driving to my place to pick me up. After I got into the car, we drove down to the quite-frozen-over swimming beach where we could get a better look at it across the lake to the northeast. We watched it about five minutes there. It appeared stationary and looked to be the biggest star in the sky. We thought it must be a star, and drove away from the swimming beach, losing sight of the object.

It was about 30° angle. I first saw it while we were driving to the lakeshore. We came back into the village limits, then the driver turned down the highway going east instead of going to our destination. About one-half mile east of Walker, we stopped the car on the highway (I noticed all during this time no other traffic or persons of any kind either in the village or on the road) and looked for the object again. We found a large lighted object, larger this time, higher in the sky, though it appeared to be stationary.

Though the brightness of the object prevented us from seeing the shape clearly, we thought there was a vague horizontal shape right through the center of the light. It seemed to be translucent, and we felt it was not a star. Possibly 45°.

After watching it for maybe ten minutes in that location, we decided we were getting late and left there and drove back into Walker and to our destination, which was in the residential area. I could not see the object while we were driving back, going west and south. There was no traffic on the highway as we were driving, that I could see, as I made a mental note of it.

When we arrived at our destination, I stepped out of the car first and looked up into the sky to try to sight the object again. This time I saw an object, somewhat brighter and bigger than before, and seemingly horizontal and translucent, but it was now high in the sky and to the east, or possibly slightly southeast, not directly overhead, but I had to look up very high. As soon as I saw it, and before anyone else got out of the car, I saw it change directions (if in fact it was the same object as the others) and zip across the sky in the twinkling of an eye to about a 60° angle to the north and quickly vanish. There was no noise, no tail, no smoke, and nothing there after it vanished. I could not estimate the speed, unless it could be likened to the speed of lightning. It seemed very far away, and my eyes followed it all the way across the sky without losing sight of it, until it vanished. It possibly took about half a second to cross the sky, and then it was gone while still quite high, about 60°. The path was not straight, but an arc. It was a solid object going across the sky, clearly visible, with no line of light, smoke or anything else either behind or in front of it. It sped from south to north. It was in the northeastern part of the sky when it vanished.


- page 9 -

OFIN LANGEN
7TH DISTRICT, MINNESOTA

COMMITTEE:
APPROPRIATIONS
AGRICULTURE
LEGISLATIVE

Congress of the United States
House of Representatives
Washington, D.C. 20315
May 31, 1968

Department of the Air Force
Washington, D. C.

Gentlemen:

The enclosed is forwarded to you at the request
of my constituent, Miss [redacted], Minnesota,
who has completed the Technical Information form with regard
to a sighted unidentified flying object.

She requests that her name not be publicized.

Sincerely,
[Signature]
OFIN LANGEN
Member of Congress

OL:cj
Enclosure

[Handwritten notes at bottom: "Jup.?", "p.oss", and another note that is partially illegible]

479 CANNON OFFICE BUILDING
TELEPHONE CAPITOL 4-3121
EXTENSION 2165
HOME: KENNEDY, MINN.
GALE R. MITCHELL
ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT


- page 10 -

