Here is the text from the document:

PROJECT NO. 10073 RECORD

1. DATE OF OBS. 6/9/68

2. LOCATION South Charleston, Ohio

3. SOURCE Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS Five

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION 10 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION Ground-Visual

7. COURSE E

8. PHOTOS □ Yes
        ☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE □ Yes
                 ☒ No

10. CONCLUSION INSUFFICIENT DATA
    COMMENT: The report was phoned to the Duty Officer. A 117 was sent to the observer but has not been returned.

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
    The observer sighted five (?) star-like objects that traveled toward the east.

FORM
FTD SEP 65 0-329 (TDE)    Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS FOREIGN TECHNOLOGY DIVISION (AFSC)
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE, OHIO 45433

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: TDPT (UFO)

SUBJECT: UFO Observation, 26 March 1968

TO: [Redacted]
South Charleston, Ohio 45368

Your name has been given to the Aerial Phenomena Office (Project Blue Book) as being a witness to an unidentified flying object.

If you were a witness to an UFO sighting on 26 March 1968 would you please complete the attached AF Form 117 and return it in the envelope provided. If you were not a witness to this sighting, would you please make a statement to this effect on the attached form. The information which you will be used in evaluating this observation. Thank you for your assistance in this matter.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr, Major, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 w/envelope


- page 2 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. You name will not be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
26   Mar   1968
Day   Month   Year

2. Time of day:   05   00
(Circle One):   (A.M.) or P.M.

3. Time Zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
             b. Standard

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
[Postal address is redacted]
Charleston, O.   Clark Cty, O.
City or Town     State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)
                 10
                 Minutes   Seconds

a. Certain
b. Fairly certain   c. Not very sure
d. Just a guess     Passed Overhead - Dir East.

5.1 How was time in sight determined?
5.2 Was object in sight continuously?   Yes   No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                 NIGHT
a. Bright           a. Bright
b. Cloudy           b. Cloudy

7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you   d. To your left
             b. In back of you    e. Overhead
             c. To your right     f. Don't remember

FORM
FTD OCT 62 164   This form supersedes FTD 164, Jul 61, which is obsolete.


- page 3 -

8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?

8.1 STARS (Circle One):
a. None
b. A few
c. Many
d. Don't remember

8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. Bright moonlight
b. Dull moonlight
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?

CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One):
a. Solid
b. Transparent
c. Vapor
d. As a light
e. Don't remember

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer
c. About the same
d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
Bright or bright, then other

12. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
b. Like a bright star
c. Sharply outlined
d. Don't remember

e. Other: [blank]

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
c. Break up into parts or explode?
d. Give off smoke?
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
g. Flash or flicker?
h. Disappear and reappear?

(Circle One for each question)
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know
Yes   No   Don't know


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If so, how?
Yes - went behind cloud (appeared to)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes No Don't Know.
It moved behind: cloud.

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One): Yes (No) Don't Know.
in front of:

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: none
b. Color: none (Star like)

18. We wish to know the angular size. Hold a match stick at arm's length in line with a known object and note how much of the object is covered by the head of the match. If you had performed this experiment at the time of the sighting, how much of the object would have been covered by the match head?
Completely Covered.

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object or objects. Label and include in your sketch any details of the object that you saw such as wings, protrusions, etc., and especially exhaust trails or vapor trails.
Place an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
Couldn't define shape.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other

24. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One)    a. North    c. East    e. South    g. West
                b. Northeast    d. Southeast    f. Southwest    h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? ______ miles per hour.

24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No    e. Binoculars    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses    Yes    No    f. Telescope    Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No    g. Theodolite    Yes    No
d. Window glass    Yes    No    h. Other

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or objects which, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw.

[Handwritten: None]


- page 6 -

Page 5

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on this curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it. Place an "A" on the compass when you first saw the object. Place a "B" on the compass where you last saw the object.

28. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A" at the beginning of the path, "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.

29. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? the object only
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.


- page 7 -

Here is the text from the document:

Page 6

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.
Never seen before

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too? (Circle One)   Yes   No
31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Awakened wife - she saw object.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAME [redacted]
ADDRESS S. Charleston   Oh
TELEPHONE NUMBER [redacted]
AGE 46   SEX M

indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.
[blank]

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen this object?
9/6     Misc    1968     Reported to
Day    Month   Year     BTD duty officer


- page 8 -

34. Date you completed this questionnaire:   26   Nov.   1968.

35. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting.

[The rest of the page is blank]


- page 9 -

