PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
Jan 1968

2. LOCATION
Elizabeth City, North Carolina

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
see case

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
see case

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground Visual

7. COURSE
see case

8. PHOTOS
☒ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
☒ No

10. CONCLUSION
CONFUSING DATA

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer lists about 7 different sightings all of which are confusing. He states at one point "flying saucers are nothing but a sign coming from heaven." For details of each sighting see case file.

FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

To: Project Blue-book Information Office
SAFOI
Washington, D.C. (20338)

Dear Sirs:

My Name is [redacted]
A Junior on 11th at The RN
Mount High School here in Elizabeth City, N.C. I have some information and a little bit Comments on U.F.O.'s or Flying Saucers. I have a lot of books base on U.F.O.'s book by Coral and Jim Lorenzen "little - Flying Saucer Occupant" "Flying Saucers-Serious Business" by Frank Edwards. They knew to much about Flying Saucers by Gray Barker. Flying Saucers on the Attack by Harold T. Wilkins. The Flying Saucers Reader by Jay David. Flying Saucers Undercovered by Harold T. Wilkins. U.F.O. Report by Irving A. Green Field. From Outer Space to you by Howard Menger.


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Flying Saucers A CHALLENGE TO SCIENCE
by Jacques & Janine Vallee, Terror
Above us by Malcolm Kent and many
more. Q: Am 18 years old. For the past
3 years I have been interesting in Astronomy
But I have seen an Unknown or Unidentified
Object Flying through our Skies at nite. It
Shape like a Star About bright as
the Star "Vega" in the Constellation "Lyrae"
About 20 light-years away from here. RE has
NO sound at all. RE also have a
3 inch Refractor telescope. RE travels Fantasi
ic, About, between 600 & 900 mi/per
hour. the Color of RE is White but Vega
is Red. One thing Peculiar it
Sometimes it will be Coming from the
North going towards the South then Stop in
mid-air and turn around headed back to
the North. Again, Sometimes it will come from
One Nite I saw two of
these Objects,


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

both of them Noun Objects one nite Traveling from South going
toward North-east as it was going, I look up, another one
Air about 12 as the other got Nearer the other one, the other one that was Flying
about 1 miles above the other one, it turn
Ground, and headed back to the East, it was
Traveling from East to West. Some times the
Object well seems to blank out when it
get Near Constellation big Bear or little
Big Dipper or Ursa majoris the Sightingwas
Observe about 30 minuts and about 9:00 that n
My brothers have seen the Same thing. One will
P saw the Object traveling from South to North
and P saw two of them nite Near
the Constellation Cassiopea or the W shape Constellation
ow a Summer nite July 24 1966 my brothers and
Cousins and my uncle saw this bright Oval Sha
blurred Object, the time was about 8:00 oclock it
a airplane around after the Sighting, it was Flying
about 100 ft across a Field, it was traveling


- page 4 -

From South to Northeast, but a turn around ahead towards North Again, it was big, bright and blurred and Oval Shape are disc Shape. It was white in Color, it was no jet, airplane, Helicopter, it had no Sound at all. I couldn't determined the Size of the object, Then it got brighter & brighter Then it disappears.

Remember January 12 1968 hovering for hours Near the Horizontal point when I sighted it One nite but Notice it was move, my brother told me it came from the East going South, it Shape like a Star, with no Sound at all. Travel 10:00 o'clock. Then I saw a blurred disc-shape object hovering about 900 ft. in the Air, it was Cloudy that nite, the Clouds move the object up, when the Cloud move, the object disappears.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Here is another Sighted. P saw this year, this happen on January 29, 1968, P was out doors making terrestrial land-viewing. When P get home, Evenings P always take my telescopes and watch the Air lines, behind. They're from New York, New Jersey and Washington D.C. P can clearly tell the difference between a Cin force military aircraft and a Jet airliner. P hope you're not thinking that P am sick or trying to get Closes or seeing hallucinations, Illusions or trying to get publicity or anything, but as P was looking through the telescope Following the trail of White Snake from the Jet-airliner, P? Amazing to see a Object that P never seen in my life. About this Sightings, they didn't believe me, that P was crazy. Hot P was drunk. P told me if telescope pe something is going about (Estimation) 3000 or 5000 ft. in the Air, it was about the same height that the Jet was flying. The Object was the


- page 6 -

Signs there shall be From Heaven

you Air Force and NASA. People keep that in Mind. P wish NASA would stop trying to put a man on the moon ?!! P have proof that these things do exist. But this planet Earth time is about up. P tell you why these Flying Saucers or UFO's do exist, look at the world problems today Concerning The United States:

(1) Earthquakes-Italy-Alaska-etc
(2) Wars- Vietnam Korea middleeast-war
Racial Violence World II+(3)The end of man)
(3) Pestilence- measle, mumps etc
(4) Fearful Sights and Signs From Heaven

Ladies & Gentlemen what's happen in this world today everything is right in the Bible, and so is Flying Saucers and UFOs. (They do Exist)

Thank you


- page 7 -

Oh! It was 2 times larger than a blimp it was about --- I don't know the shape of it is ridiculous, its shape like the series that comes on television, The Flying Nun - or shape like a Nuns hats it was big.

From the back of it came two small sauces-shape objects. They flew out for a while, then the object return the object disappear, like it was magic. I can't say no-more because you all think that (illegible).

But, I have one comment about flying saucers. What man and scientists called today, flying saucers are NOTHING but a sign coming from Heaven, if you don't believe it, check your Bible - St. Luke - Earthquakes, Pestilence, wars, and Fearful sights and (illegible).


- page 8 -

