PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
12/1900
12 Oct 68 12/2400Z

2. LOCATION
State College, Mississippi

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Probably: AIRCRAFT

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
The observer sighted a bright white light that blinked at an interval of "easily" one second. The light first traveled in a southerly then turned and traveled easterly.

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
10 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
S - E

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[x] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[x] No

FORM
FTO SEP 68 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

SAF-OICC/Miss Turnure/75525/October 23, 1968

Dear Mr. [redacted]

This replies to your letter dated October 19, 1968, in which you reported that you and three others had seen an unidentified flying object (UFO).

Without additional information, we cannot offer an explanation of what you saw. However, if you will complete the enclosed questionnaire and mail it in the attached envelope, our technical people at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio, will be able to investigate further and make an evaluation. We are also enclosing three additional questionnaires in the event that the others who saw the object care to complete them.

Should you ever see another UFO, please report it as soon as possible to the nearest Air Force base. Each base in the United States has an investigator of UFO's. He is in a better position to make an on-the-spot investigation, which usually results in a more accurate analysis.

In the meantime, you might be able to identify your sighting by looking at the categories of objects often reported as UFO's in the material we are sending.

Sincerely,

JAMES E. AIKMAN
Major, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments:
Mr. [redacted]
State College, Mississippi 39762

SAF-OICC

Coord Cy - SAF-OICC
Chbk Cy - SAF-OICC
Activity Cy - SAF-OICC
Reader Cy - SAF-OI
[redacted]
WPAPR


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

14/11/60

Dear Sir,

I am writing to report an unusual sighting last night on the campus of State U. into town. I arrived from another town. Welcome to campus, where I shall always welcome to inspecting the matter.

After seeing the site of the incident, I must state that I saw that the two beams that strangely came close that it was very close to me. I told that particular time quite near some location. South place (being with the sector).

This last night, I believe 13, at approximately 10:00 at night. I saw really after it first at some distance. It was like a brightness and I was directed like this. My intention of precisely our point I might influence our site.

The sight was very convincing and it was undoubtedly the first sight I noticed of sighting a site.


- page 3 -

The image appears to be a handwritten document page. However, due to the handwriting style and image quality, the text is largely illegible. While I can see that text is present, I cannot confidently transcribe most of the words with certainty. The document seems to be a detailed written account, but the specific content cannot be reliably determined from this scan.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

To clarify, the light I spoke of was seen
in the sky going west to east at about 8:45 on a cloudy
hazy sky. This sighting cannot be explained in re-
gards to the details in the location we re-
viewed. The visibility of the light from all parts
and the clouds is at the very limits cross, and
we were in a position to follow this object with al-
most no light. Approximately 10 minutes.

I feel confident these three were never the
first located or noted. John did not follow
that they were another yet less precise
sighted. The visibility of this light and
dominates the height of our distance.

One more phenomenon of this light was the
approach of just this white layer of the
object. In other words, a thought of static electricity
we were more able to determine long
additional minutes outside to the light. It seems
as though the entire object was composed of this
light.


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

[First paragraph is partially illegible, but appears to read:]
we after some time, from your explanation
[...] should be to know
the [...], and you we who sighted a similar
object. I want to make my registration after
the [...] and [...] thank you for your time
and effort.

Sincerely,
[A portion of the signature is blacked out]

Note: Some words are difficult to read due to the image quality, so I have used [...] to indicate illegible sections.


- page 6 -

