PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE, TIME GROUP
15 September 1968
9:30 - 1015 PM, EDT

2. LOCATION
Near Ocala, Florida

3. SOURCE
Civilian Pilots

10. CONCLUSION
Unidentified

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two (2)

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
15 minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Visual, possibly radar

7. COURSE
Acrobatics
and collision

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
A light doing acrobatics near Ocala observed for 15 minutes but did not gain on it. Light rose and quickly disappeared among stars. Almost immediately a second but white light was seen under the haze above Ocala. This rapidly came toward them on collision course and pilots thought it was a sidewinder. Light made a sharp 90° turn and then disappeared. Third part of observation came when they approached Miami. Palm Beach Center informed them their radar had object following them, asked them to make a 360° turn. Pilot thought he identified light but was not certain. The most significant part of observation was the "sidewinder collision" part. Pilots would probably not have reported total coincidental had not been for the seeming near collision with light.

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

FORM
FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE)   Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

** Let's see. They left area 470 and--it would have been at least that long.

H Oh yes. Here is says 'Jacksonville Center couldn't pick it up on radar. We followed him until we were almost to Ocala, and he disappeared off into the sky on a heading of something like 200° and then as we approached Ocala there was an object, at first it was a white light. It was hanging right over Ocala'--where is Ocala?

** Do you know where Gainesville is? (Yes) Directly southeast of there.

H Fine. And then he said, "It was hanging right over Ocala and just as I finished reporting the other one this one came right at us. We were on a collision course. I would say he missed us about 1 mile. He came straight at us at an angle. We were about 15 miles out of Ocala still on a heading of 120. This object came straight at us in a climb attitude then turned right in front of us to the west. He went out about 15 miles west of Ocala and just hung there at an altitude of, well we were at an altitude of 9000, I would guess that he was at probably 6000 or 7000 ft."

What are the chances do you think, Captain, that these fellows were sufficiently poor observers to have mistaken stars at various times? Of course, they were on a straight course at that time, they were not making maneuvers.

** I'm not a firm believer in UFO's and I've never observed anything like this, but from the way they verbally talked to me, I would say they saw


- page 2 -

something that was much different than a star and was apparently brighter, a brighter xm light than that, that was not of such intensity, that it was bright enough to really get alarmed about.

H Yes. And balloons would be out of the question because they covered too much territory, for the thing to be a balloon.

** Yes sir. A balloon if you saw it wouldn't disturb you too much. It might shock you a little, but I think you'd recognize it. They wouldn't turn or bob around that much.

H Now, when he says it moved up and down and had -- well, I'm going to try and get in touch with him and see if I can pin him down on trajectory. In other words, when it moved, was its transverse motion as much as say 20-25° or was it just a minor movement. That's the sort of thing that I'd like to -- I would gather that it covered considerable portions of the sky.

** Yes sir. And the way he talked, he said it would go in straight lines, it would turn an immediate 90° turn, it was very definite fast movement, and it would make very, very sharp turn. He said he had seen a lot of jets flying and this thing couldn't have been anything like a jet, because it made such erratic climbs and such tremendous turns, immediate turns, that he knew that we have nothing that flies like this.

H Now I'm getting to a part here that I have a question on. This is still speaking. "We saw him move several times but when we last sighted him, it looked like he was sitting on the ground just west of Ocala."


- page 3 -

Now, you came on the line and said, "We had a height finder on you and were tracking you and there was an object behind you for quite awhile northwest of Palm Beach." This then would have been about half and hour or so after the Ocala incident.

** Yes sir. It was definitely later than Ocala.

H And then you say, "We had numerous height finder checks on you; also an object less than 1 mile behind you." Mr. then says,--oh yes, here's a part I missed earlier--Mr. said, "We turned and saw what appeared to be the same white light as we saw over Ocala, in a steep turn."

** OK. That's when we asked him to make that 360° turn over Palm Beach.

H I see. And then he says, "When we saw it, it looked like it descended rather rapidly. I would definitely not try to identify it." Then you asked him what he thought it was and he said, "I don't know. It was not a jet. Jet aircraft can't make the sharp turns these things were making." And then you asked, "Everytime you saw it, it was making steep turns?" And said, "Go, it would hover and then it would proceed on course exactly the same way we were going, ahead of us; then it would go straight up, over the top, or straight down."

Did he add anything? Let's see, this -- was this a telephone conversation or? (xxxxxx)

** Yes sir. I called him long distance and talked to him immediately after


- page 4 -

he got on the ground down there, about 20 minutes after landing. He came up to the tower at Palm Beach and we talked to him long distance.

H     I see. That's how it was. There was nothing being reported while--he didn't report anything on tape to Jacksonville Center, did he?

**    No sir--now possibly, they're on tape. I would imagine the controller's taped all this.

H     I'll perhaps talk with ████ and see what -- I didn't realize this divided itself into two very distinct phases.

**    Yes sir, it did. After that Ocala area incident where they saw him on the ground, then apparently they were bothered by him on down, I don't remember exactly, but it seems like they were harassed any after than until they got in the Palm Beach area and we got the radar contact and had them turn 360° there on Palm Beach approach.

H     And then, of course, one always wonders about the powers of suggestion. They apparently thought the whole incident was over and then they were asked and then they see it, and now it becomes a question of what type of observers they really are. Did they get excited and say "Oh yes, there it is" and mistake some -- on the other hand they did describe its trajectory. It's a hard question to ask you, but from your conversation with them, which lasted how long, altogether?

**    Between ten and fifteen minutes. I think it was ten or eleven minutes on the telephone bill.


- page 5 -

Let me ask a question like this. If they were on a witness stand, if this had been a courtroom proceeding and you'd been the defending or prosecuting lawyer, how would you have regarded their testimony in ordinary terms--if this wasn't an UFO they were talking about? Did they sound valid?

** Yes sir, they did.

H I sometimes talk to people who get vague and repeat themselves and extrapolate and don't stick to facts.

** They pretty well said again over the telephone exactly what had happened, they followed the sequence on it. It was normal. They things that they had discussed with Jacksonville Center they went through, and they remembered what Center Control they were under. It was just like they had lived through it. They weren't frightened by it; they weren't too overly concerned.

H I'll like to get from them just how much brighter it was than the brightest stars.

** Well, they said that it was like observing, it was a large light like the beacons on military airfields or commercial airfields. You know, the ones that turn. They said it was of about a size like that but not that bright. It wasn't a beam type of light, it was more-or-less a pale, it was a pretty good-sized light from the way they talked.

H Now, I don't want to take too much of your time here. Let's talk.


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

13

about Mr. [redacted] just a second, the co-pilot. He gave just one paragraph here. One thing that interested me was "I thought we were close to the warning zone and had caught a sidewinder. I was ready to meet the Lord, it didn't make any difference, but it sure scared me." How did he sound in comparison to Mr. [redacted]

** Well, I got him on the line at the end of the conversation with Mr. [redacted] primarily just to thank him and see if he had anything to add, but he was very definite. He was, in terms of conversation, he was more definite than Mr. [redacted] was more collected and cool, and was aware of what was going on. Mr. [redacted] was a little high strung about it, I think.

H   Yes, I would gather that from his statement here, "getting ready to meet the Lord," and so forth.

** The comments that he made were rather excited and he was trying to get the idea across that they did see something and it wasn't something they were playing around with, and they, when they saw it they tried their best to observe it and find out what it was and try and decide what was going on. This warning area he refers to is a typical military warning area out over the water there, that sometimes we do have firings in and stuff. There's quite a few jets out flying in that area; there's restricted altitudes and everything that they work out there, and normally whenever they're out in that area there's quite a few aircraft involved, so why the civilian pilots try and avoid these areas absolutely.

H   Well, I want to thank you very much for this information. It clears part of the thing up. It gives me a clearer picture, but it doesn't clear it up


- page 7 -

because I still don't know what the hell it was they saw. I think I'm going
to try and get in touch with Mr. [redacted]. I think I'll let Mr. Rushing go.
I think probably if I call Mr. [redacted] also and get his part of his contact
with them, and particularly see if he has any records they may have made
at the time.

If you think of anything else that you feel that I should know about
this I'm easy reachable; simply the Department of Astronomy, Northwestern
University, Evanston, Illinois. Or send it through Colonel Quintanilla;
I go there once a month as a sort of regular tour of duty and look over
the cases they've had during the month.

Let me ask a purely general question here. In your area down there,
have there been many, or any, UFO reports that were not easily solvable?

** Very, very few sir. If we have them, they're normally widely scattered
and, I think here a month ago we had maybe a sighting in the Montgomery
area here. Once in a while there are some down along the Coast, but, of
course, I never know. I see something in the newspaper, or get something
reported past me here at work, but normally there's no conclusion out of it.

H   Yes. Well, if something comes up that you feel compares with this, or
is other than could easily be explained as an aircraft or balloon, or
something, I would appreciate your getting in touch with me, or with Project
Bluebook.

**  All right sir. We certainly will.
H   Well, thanks ever so much.
**   Thank you Dr., it's been nice talking to you.


- page 8 -

Transcript of UFO sighting: telephone conversation between Hynek & Capt. Cole.

H: Hello, Capt. This is Professor Hynek at Northwestern University. I'm also consultant to the United States Air Force on the matter of unidentified flying objects. I have a letter here from Col. Quintanilla asking me to look into the sighting of September 15. I've also talked recently with Capt. Heimbach, who I believe, interviewed you after you got to the airport.

C: Yes, I didn't remember the name. I believe that's right.

H: Well, this is a most interesting case, and I wanted to check with you a little bit. As I understand it there were two definite phases to this sighting. One was near Ocala.

C: This is correct.

H: And then about a half an hour or so elapsed and when you got down into the Palm Beach area . . .

C: No. Now the first sighting was north of Ocala.

H: All right, this is fine. Why don't you just give me the time-motion sequence and I'll just remain quiet here and you tell me in your words.

C: OK. I'll be glad to. We were, we had left Dallas early afternoon--that was on a Sunday-- and we were going to Nassau and we stopped in New


- page 9 -

Orleans to pick up a passenger. We left there on instruments. However, the weather cleared by the time we were to Pensacola; this was on Sunday and they gave us permission to go across the restricted areas of Egland and along the shoreline. We stayed just on the north edge of, I believe that's war zone 470 there; whatever that is in the Gulf there. We had just passed the northeastern corner of this and Jacksonville Center gave us permission to turn to the southeast; as I recall our heading was about 120°, and I first sighted an object which I assumed to be a jet, probably a trainer; they're are lots in that area, you know. We watched it. As I recall we were at an altitude of about 9500 feet, I believe that's correct. We watched this thing; I watched it for, oh, five minutes, I guess.

H     Pardon me. When you say "this thing", could you be more specific with it. Was it light or was it . . .

C     Well yes, it was a pale green flashing light. It was flashing at a little more than a little slower rate than the average aircraft red rotating beacon. It was a pale green color.

H     In terms of brightness of a star, was it brighter or dimmer than . . . ?

C     It looked very similar, if you were observing an aircraft landing light, I'm sure you've watched, I would say five miles, five to eight miles. Something like that, except that it had a green tint to it.

H     Did it have any extension to it, or was it a point source?


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

C No, no it was just a light, in a particular spot. It didn't project a beam or anything.

H And how close to the horizon did it seem?

C Well, it was directly in front of us at our same altitude; in fact, it was at an identical altitude and he was doing acrobatics. He would go straight up and then over the top and straight down to maybe 500-1000 feet below us, below our altitude, and then he would return to our altitude.

He did this several times, and I have seen jet practice, military practice, do this at night so I assumed this was what it was, but the fact that, of course it was night, I was on an instrument flight plan, and it irritated me because Jacksonville Center had not warned me of this traffic. And so I called them and I said, "Have you got traffic at our twelve o'clock position?" And he said, "Negative." And I thought, out on that side of the state, there radar reception is a little bad, and I've been through that before down there before, and so I flew on for, oh, I'd say, five minutes or so, and the fellow in the front seat with me is also a pilot ...

H Mr. [redacted]

C Mr. [redacted], yes. And I hit him and I said, "Boy, I don't know see how in the world those fellows do that at night." See, we were over the water at that time, with no visual ground reference. And, of course, you know, you tumble your instruments after a certain altitude. So, both of us sat there watching it.


- page 11 -

NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
DEPARTMENT OF ASTRONOMY                                                  LINDHEIMER ASTRONOMICAL RESEARCH CENTER

19 December 1968

FTD (TDETR)
Research and Aerial Phenomena Division
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
Ohio 45433

Attn:   TDPT (UFO)

Subj:   Sighting of 15 September 1968, Ocala, Florida

To:     Hector Quintanilla, Jr., Lt. Col.

Enclosed are the following:
(1)    Transcript of telephone conversation with Capt. Heimbach.
(2)    Transcript of telephone conversation with Capt. Cole.
(3)    Project evaluation card on subject sighting.

J. ALLEN HYNEK, Director
Lindheimer Astronomical Research Center
Northwestern University
Evanston, Illinois 60201

JAH:lp
Encl (3)


- page 12 -

Now, could I break in here to ask, in terms of degrees of arc, you say he went up and down over an arc of say 10 degrees, 30 degrees, or what?

There didn't seem to be an arc. Now at night, you can't judge these things, but if the object directly towards you or directly away from you, you can't see the arc at night.

No, quite right.

And I assumed this is what it was. But there did not appear to be any arc, it would go straight up and then straight down and then straight back up again.

No, wait a second. You say up, then in angle of elevation, if he started at your own level, how high did you have to look to see him when he was at the top of his...

I would guess he went a 1000 feet above us.

Well, would that have been 10°? Did he come overhead at any time?

No, he never did. He stayed in front of us all the time. I would guess an up angle of something like probably 10°, not over 15, and about the same below us.

I see. So a total swing of about 30° perhaps, 20 or 30. And how about transverse, sideways? Was he always directly in your 12:00 o'clock position?


- page 13 -

Here is the text from the document:

C   No, he would swing a little bit to the side once in a while, and
usually to our left.

H   By the way, was it a clear night?

C   At that point it was. There was one storm cloud northeast of Cross
City that had lightning in it, but we were already south of it. We were
out in perfectly clear weather.

H   The reason I asked, is were there any good navigational stars at
your 12:00 o'clock position or near your 12:00 o'clock position?

C   No, not on the horizon. There were some higher, but not on the horizon.

H   Could you sort of plot this chap's motion with respect to the stars?

C   Well, he never got as high as, that is, during the time we were
watching him in the early phases of it, when he was doing these various
actions; he later, I would say 15 minutes after we first observed him, he
made about a 10° right turn off our track, and just disappeared in
the sky at a climbing angle of, I would say, 15° and disappeared.

H   Now, in this 15 minutes you covered about how many nautical miles?

C   Well, were truing right at 200 miles an hour, whatever that would
figure out.


- page 14 -

Well, about 50 miles. And that would have meant that had he been just going up and down or stationary, you would have overtaken him.

Yes, this is true. But he maintained just about the same distance in front of us until he decided to leave us

And your bearing at that time was about 120?

120°.

And the time at that time, was what, local time?

Let me see. It must have been about, as I recall, about 9:00, 9:30. I've forgotten what time it was. It was well into the night.

I was trying to see whether I could recognize any bright stars in that area for reference points. Well, anyway, please go on.

Then, about that time, just as he disappeared, I was well into conversation with Center at that time and they were very interested.

This is Jacksonville Center?

Jacksonville Center, yes. And I called, I was exactly 12 dme miles, as I recall, from Ocala, off the Ocala ZOR, and I could see the lights of Ocala from that position, and I could see a bright white light. Now, this


- page 15 -

looked exactly like an aircraft landing light from the distance where we were
and I could tell it was right over, right in the lights of Ocala at an
altitude of what I would guess to be about 5000 feet, well below us. And
sitting there, he wasn't moving at all. So when I took my eyes off from
where we saw the other object disappear, I asked Jacksonville Center if
they had an object directly over Ocala.

H   How many minutes was this after the first one disappeared?

C   It was just at the same time. Just at that very minute. We were
still talking about the first one, and I came back and I said, "Well, what
about right over Ocala? Do you have a target there?" And he said,
"Negative." And I said, "Well, we have a bright light there," and in the
same transmission I said, "And he's moving toward us," and then I just
hollered at the microphone, "We're on a collision course," and there the
microphone down to try to take evasive action. This one moved directly
at us. And I was quite certain that we had victimized by a sidewinder,
because, and both of us, it scared us to death. We were ready to leave the
airplane, if we could have. But the thing came straight at us and I'd
say at a distance of, I'd don't know, maybe two miles, you can't tell
those distances at night, but he made an instantaneous 90° left turn and
at our altitude. Well, I'd wouldn't say just, he was maybe 500 feet below
us.

H   How could you be sure, please don't misunderstand me, I'm not doubting
your word here, I just want to get clear in my own mind, how could you be


- page 16 -

sure that this was the same object, the same light, you saw over Ocala.
You say it actually come toward you then?

C   Yes, from the time we saw it, this was much brighter, much closer
to us than the first object we saw, but it was hanging directly over Ocala.
Have you ever, do you fly yourself?

H   Only commercially, quite a bit.

C   Well, you'd have noticed then, coming into cities at night, even on
a clear night, there'll be a haze many times and the lights of the city
shining against; well, there was this haze at about, probably 6000 feet,
or something like that, and this bright light was below that haze.

H   Below the haze?

C   Yes, and, of course, the haze was not of such thickness that we couldn't
see through it, you see. But this light was just hanging there, and it
moved directly toward us and then turned and descended again, and it went
lower than it was originally when we saw it. It went a distance, I told
them, 15 miles, but I couldn't tell the distance. It went some distance west
of Ocala and he just parked out there, and sat there, and we flew on past
it.

H   At its closest point, then you, of course, I recognize this is purely
an estimate, but you estimated he might have gotten as close as one or two


- page 17 -

miles to you, is that correct?

C This is correct, yes.

H It was still then a light and you could make out no craft as such?

Cq Oh no, it was a dark night, adn we couldn't see anything but just the light.

H Yes. And in terms of brightness, how would it have compared with the brightest star in the sky?

C Well, it was much brighter, much brighter, because at that point it was closer to us and much larger.

H Now larger. Did you mean that it ceased being a point source and became actually round light, or somethings.

C Well, from the time we first saw this one, it was a round light.

H Suppose you held an aspirin tablet at arm's length, how would its apparent size ap compare with that?

C That's hard to say.

H When it was closest?


- page 18 -

Here is the text from the document:

10

C Well, for example, I'm sitting right now a half a mile from a mercury vapor light, street light, and I would say it was just about what I'm looking at right now.

H So, it's still essentially a point source.

C Yes, I guess you'd call it that.

H I was trying to see whether at any time it got actual size to it, apparent size.

C Oh, I see what you mean. These things are awful hard to judge at night. I have about 6500 flying hours and have seen just about all kinds, but these things are so hard to judge at night.

H Was this a unique experience for you, or had you seen something like it before?

C No, I have never seen anything like this before in my life. I've seen shooting stars at night, and well, after we lost sight of this last one, my friend, Mr. [redacted] is kind of emotional, and I started playing with him then. He started sighting stars, which I had already recognized as stars and I would jockey the airplane around, you know, you can turn the aircraft while your eyes are fixed on an object, and the object moves, and I started playing with him. I'd pull the nose up a little bit and it'd look like it took a nosedive, you know, and shove the nose over, and it looked like it


- page 19 -

climbs. And then you can turn a little bit at night, and it'd sank go from
side to side. But, this was not our case, I can assure you. He got all
excited and said, "Call 'em, call 'em," cause I knew what I was looking at.
But then, when we got just into Jacksonville, into West Palm, Miami Center
called them, we were on Miami Center then, and we had already turned from
Center to West Palm Approach Control, but Miami Center called them and told
them they had an object a mile behind us, following us.

H     I want to get the sequence here straight. When Miami called you, had
they known anything at all of your report to Jacksonville Center.

C     Yes. See we had been shifted to Miami Center, oh, let me see, just
south of Ocala. You know, they shift you from Center to the other, as you
go into their area. We had been on Miami Center for some time, oh goodness,
I don't remember the time, it's been so long ago, it was whatever the time
it would take, I would say half an hour, 45 minutes, from south of Ocala
on into West Palm, and they had changed us to West Palm Approach Control
and just after we changed, as I recall, we just about an even 10 miles,
10 dme miles out of West Palm, and we down to, as I recall, 3000 or 4000
feet, and Miami Approach, I mean Miami Center, called West Palm Approach and
asked us to do a 180, because they had an object, an unidentified object,
following us, a mile behind.

H     This was a radar sighting?

C     Yes, a radar sighting. Well needless to say, my throat filled up,
but I turned, and, a sharp turn at night, you do well to maintain you


- page 20 -

equilibrium, much less sight things, you know, but I did see a bright light similar to the one that we saw over Ocala. You see, by this time we were over 4 populated areas and many, many lights on the ground, and I told them I couldn't positively identify anything; however, I did see one bright light that seemed to descend very quickly when we turned, but I don't know, I wouldn't even . .

H Now, if this were the same thing, then Palm Beach radar should have seen their radar image descending.

C Well, Miami should, I don't think West Palm has any radar.

H What I'd like to know is whether Miami had both you, in your 180-degree turn and the object.

C Well, now, I don't know. I assumed they were tracking us and they said they had this object behind us, so you just have to discuss that with them.

H Well, I think actually the important sighting is the earlier one, well, they're both important, the radar part, of course, if we could establish that this was actually a simultaneous visual-radar, but those are very difficult to establish positively.

C Well, as I understand, there are many cases where these things have been sighted but radar did not pick them up. Now, if this is some kind of machinery that we don't know about somewhere else, they obviously have powers beyond, to scramble radar, so I don't know.

H I want to ask one other thing, here. When you were approaching Ocala and saw the white light, that was presumably not the green light, the green light had gone now . . .

C Right, this is true.


- page 21 -

Here is the text from the document:

13

H: That had gone up, hadn't it?
C: We had lost complete sight...
H: Now then, within a minute or so apparently you saw this white light below the haze.
C: This is correct.
H: Could you be sure that the light didn't start, actually, from the ground?
C: Yes, I can be absolutely certain. This light was no less than 4000 and no more than 5000 feet high, I would say with all authority.
H: OK, and you say it appeared to be sitting there at first?
C: This is correct.
H: And then took off, well this is a sort of silly question to ask, but did it take off as though it was conscious of you there? Or did you feel that its reaction was totally independent?
C: Well, believe me this thought entered my mind. And if I were saying "Yes" or "NO", I'd say "Yes, it was obviously something monitoring our flight" because it was heading to straight for us and then it made too much of a diversionary turn.
H: In other words, it was heading straight for you, and then it made a diversionary turn and then a 90° turn.
C: No sir, it first made a 90° turn. It came directly at us, coming up and toward us and then it made a 90° turn to the left, and went west of Ocala and descended again and went possibly all the way to the ground.
H: Now wait a minute, I want to get something straight. You were already, you were approaching Ocala. Ocala was at what? About your 12:00 o'clock position?
C: It was at our directly our 12:00 o'clock position, and we were getting


- page 22 -

Transcript for UFO sighting: telephone conversation between Hynek* and Capt. Heimbach**

H: This is Allen Hynek at Northwestern University and I'm also, have been for a number of years, the consultant to Project Bluebook, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, on unidentified flying objects. Some time ago, about a week ago, Colonel Quintanilla asked me to look further into the case from Florida which occurred on 15 September 1968.

**: This is the one that was down in the Palm Beach area, northwest of there?

H: Yes, that's the one. I've been trying to get in touch with the pilot; so far I've gotten no answer and, of course, also the co-pilot. Since you've talked with them, and since Colonel Quintanilla has asked me to look into this further (it's an odd-ball case certainly; there's enough of these reports, though, so that I, at least, am taking them reasonably seriously--without being a believer in little green men) I wondered in your discussions with these two men what your basic impression was of their reliability and what your own feelings on this case are.

**: Well, both of these gentlemen are in the ministry; they're evangelist type individuals---

H: That's what's meant by the term 'missionary pilots', then. I didn't know what that really meant.

**: This is why they weren't available for discussion the following day. They had to get out to a couple of the islands and see some of their parishes out there, apparently. I talked to them for ten minutes, at least


- page 23 -

I remember exactly, I had a 12-mile (it was either 10 or 12 mile) DME reading off of Ocala when we saw this object.

H And then, of course, you say it turned to its left then?

C That is correct, ...

H Because it had to go west, yes. So it made a right-angle turn to the left, to the west and that prevented it from hitting you, then presumably.

C That is correct, yes. At that point I knew it wasn't a missile because they have no control, I understand, over those things once they're gone.

H Immediately after it made the 90° turn, then what?

C It descended.

H It descended.

C And it continued west and descending and the best we could tell it was either on the ground or very, very close to it.

H And did it change in brightness.

C Oh yes, when it went away from us, the light was pale green, just like the first one we saw. As it was coming toward us the light was very similar to a cross between a fluorescent light and an incandescent light. It had some tint to it, but it was brighter white than it was tinted. And, but as it went away it had a green tint, just like the first one.

H Well! And about the same brightness?

C About the same intensity, yes.

H Did it ever blink out, or was it, did it ever seem to twinkle like a star, or blink out,..?

C No, it was consistent. As it would go away, its flashing was consistent just like a rotating beacon...

H It was flashing, I see, so it was not a steady light, it was a pulsating


- page 24 -

light.

C Yes, this is right. When it was coming toward us, now, it was steady, but as it went away it had the same flash as the first object did.

H Of course, I can see what some (I'm not saying this) but some chap is liable to say, "Well, when it was coming toward you you saw the landing light in front which was bright, then as it turned away you saw the green wing light" or something. But how could you contest, or how would you answer that.

C No, there was no comparison. You see of course on the aircraft you've also got a red wing light and white tail light. But we, I looked diligently for any aircraft identification type of lights, and there were none.

H And when it was on the ground, what was it flashing or steady then?

C No, it was steady then as we saw it on the ground. We couldn't tell any motion to it at all.

H This was after it had descended.

C After it had descended and seemed to come to a halt.

H So then did the color change then?

C No, that far from us all we could see was just light. I couldn't tell you color other than just, it was more of a just a bright light.

H When it was near the ground, was it in a populated area or, . . .

C No, this would have been, as I recall, now I didn't check the map too closely, but I believe that area between Ocala and St. Pete and Tampa there is pretty unpopulated.

H Yes, I think so too.

C There were very few lights around, I believe that's mostly swamp in there.

H Well, now let me ask you this as sort of a human question. Of the


- page 25 -

Essentially there are three incidents, the pale green to begin with, then the bright light that came at you from Ocala, and then the Miami-Palm Beach incident. In this whole thing, which all told must have lasted, what nearly at hour?

C Let's see. Yes, a little over an hour, I guess.

H What impressed of the whole, total incident; what things stand out most in your mind now?

C Well, mostly the obvious near collision. This was-all the rest of it you know, I could, I don't believe I would have even mentioned the rest of it if we hadn't had that one thing.

H And the frightening thing was that it was not on Jacksonville, or no one else had it on radar.

C Well, I can accept this, because I know of too many cases where radar has been scrambled, even by our own devises.

H Now, I don't feel that I will get anything more additional if I call Mr. Rushing ...

C No, I can assure you, you wouldn't.

H because I felt, just from his remarks in the transcribed tape, I, when he mentioned he was ready to meet the Lord, I felt that he probably would be a little less than objective. I'd like to also ask just for my own curiosity and not for the record at all, but you fly quite a bit, and obviously talk with other pilots, Have you ever had any stories like this, or UFO-type reports from other pilots when you talk among yourselves?

C No, very...I don't ever remember another one from another pilot. I've talked to a number of people, maybe a half a dozen, who have obviously had UFO sightings of various kinds, but you never know, but most of these....


- page 26 -

one was a housewife, one was my own brother-in-law who observed some objects over at Dallas some ten years ago I guess, and then, of course, you know the few that you've read about in the papers. But, no, among other pilots, I don't right off hand recall any ever even having talked to any about them.

H: This is very interesting because I have some reports from commercial pilots, but sometimes daytimes sightings, they've reported craft that come by and sort of "inspection" look, but very few, and those that I have talked with have been most reluctant to say anything, and definitely did not wish me to report it officially.

C Well, I don't blame them and I had gotten to the point where I was wishing I hadn't said anything, but the way it started we got too much information out and everybody started in.

H Well, it's an important, it may very well be a very important scientific and public problem.

C You recall, one of things that did impress me, I don't know if it had anything to do with whatever, but you know they did lose their satellite shot early the next morning. And something went wrong with the data system. This could be coincidental, or what have you, or there may be those who don't want additional objects in space.

H: You know, it sometimes happens that, well let me ask you, did you find any of your instruments at all disturbed, say compass, and so forth?

C No, nothing whatever. Everything was perfectly normal, half the radio wasn't working as usual, but everything was as normal as it had been before. No light change, no electrical change that I could notice.

H And did the light at any time leave any sort of a trail or exhaust?

C No, none whatever. I saw over Yuma, Arizona, one night that I was


- page 27 -

going across there about 10,000 ft, in fact, I ended up landing there,
because I was just worn out, but before I went in I saw, now let me see,
this was about 5 years ago, I saw two lights which I think to this day,
now I never investigated, but I think to this day were Marine Jet fighters.
I think there's a Marine base there, if I'm not mistaken. And they were
doing similar looking acrobatics, going straight up, over the top, straight
down, and then back up again. And there were two of them, one following
the other, and I think it was jets now, like I say, I never asked. But
this is the only thing similar to this I've ever seen.
H    And these acrobatics, went for a total of how many minutes?
C    I'd say about 15 minutes.
H    And then, let me get the sequence straight, after that it went off
to the east.
C    It went off just to our right.
H    Oh, you said, 15° angle up and disappeared in the sky, did it?
C    Well, it disappeared into the other stars. We couldn't identify
it: it got to a point where we couldn't identify it from the other stars
in the sky.
H    Right, well, this has been extremely helpful; I wish I knew the
answer to this.
C    Well, I'm afraid only the good Lord knows these, some of these answers.
I believe there are things that we who are mortals on this earth don't
know about, but I have accept*the fact that there are things going on that
we can't comprehend with our finite minds and I, too, am ready to meet the
Lord, but Mr. Rushing is an unusual person; like I say, I don't believe you
would gain any information from calling him.


- page 28 -

Here is the text from the document:

19

H No, I think I have, I think if I put you on a torture rack I couldn't get any more information. You've been very cooperative.

C Can I get your name and where you are.

H Yes, sure; it's J. A. Hynek; I'm an astronomer here at Northwestern University and I've been a consultant to the Air Force on Project Bluebook for quite a few years.

C You're at Northwestern, and where?

H Evanston, Illinois.

C Oh, in Evanston. We have a Northwestern University here, or maybe that's just Northwest at Wichita Falls, I'm not sure. Well, I'm very glad to give you any information I can, and if you should come up with anything interesting, I would appreciate having a note from you.

H All right, then let's make this a two-way street. If you would, in your flying, come across anything else, then I'd appreciate hearing from you. I'm very easily reached, simply the Dept. of Astronomy, Northwestern University.

C Sure, I'd be awfully glad to get in touch.

H Well, thank you.

C Thank you very much.


- page 29 -

TDPT (UFO)

UFO Observation, 15 September 1968, Florida

Dr J Allen Hynek

Reference the attached UFO report from Florida which occurred on 15 September 1968. Request you evaluate this case and make your comments on the attached Project Record Card. If you need additional information on the sighting, please obtain it. However, we want transcripts of all telephone conversations and letters on this report. Request this information on or before 30 November 1963.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

2 Atch
1. UFO Rpt, Florida, 15 Sep 68
2. FTD Form 0-389

Handwritten notes at top right:
15 Sep 68
13 NOV 1968


- page 30 -

SIGHTING OF UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA QUESTIONNAIRE

THIS QUESTIONNAIRE HAS BEEN PREPARED SO THAT YOU CAN GIVE THE U.S. AIR FORCE AS MUCH INFORMATION AS POSSIBLE CONCERNING THE UNIDENTIFIED PHENOMENA THAT YOU HAVE OBSERVED. PLEASE TRY TO ANSWER ALL OF THE QUESTIONS. THE INFORMATION YOU GIVE WILL BE USED FOR RESEARCH PURPOSES.

1. WHEN DID YOU SEE THE PHENOMENON?
DAY 15 MONTH Sept. YEAR 68

2. WHAT TIME DID YOU FIRST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR 9 MINUTES 30 [I.A.M. ☒P.M.

3. WHAT TIME DID YOU LAST SIGHT THE PHENOMENON?
HOUR 10 MINUTES 15 [I.A.M. ☒P.M.

4. TIME ZONE: ☒EASTERN □CENTRAL □DAYLIGHT SAVINGS □MOUNTAIN □PACIFIC □OTHER

5. WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? 
Flying Twin Beach C45H, 9000' alt. Approx. 20 Mi. 
S/E of Lobster Intersection, West of Cross City, Fla. 
Heading 120°

6. [Diagram showing object's position relative to horizon]
Obj at some ALT. After about 20 Min. 
Disappeared at High 30° approx. Heading 
ALT. on approx. Heading of 180°

AF FORM 117


- page 31 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

6A. NOW IMAGINE YOU ARE AT THE CENTER OF THE COMPASS ROSE. PLACE AN "A" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN. PLACE A "B" ON THE COMPASS TO INDICATE THE DIRECTION TO THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN.

7. IN THE SKETCH BELOW, PLACE AN "A" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN FIRST SEEN, AND A "B" AT THE POSITION OF THE PHENOMENON WHEN LAST SEEN. CONNECT THE "A" AND "B" WITH A LINE TO APPROXIMATE THE MOVEMENT OF THE PHENOMENON BETWEEN "A" AND "B". NOTE THAT SOME SKETCHES MAY OMIT WHETHER THE MOVEMENT WAS CURVED OR ZIG-ZAG. REFER TO SMALLER SKETCH AS AN EXAMPLE OF HOW TO COMPLETE THE LARGER SKETCH.

Handwritten text:
Object (Low Light) Appeared to do Aerobatics (Loops) Above + Below Air Arrest but Almost Returned To out Altitude During Time of Observation.

PAGE 2 OF 9 PAGES


- page 32 -

AFR 80-17(C1)

WHERE WERE YOU WHEN YOU SAW THE PHENOMENON? (Check appropriate blocks.)
[Checkboxes marked: IN AIRPLANE, AS PILOT]

IF YOU WERE IN A VEHICLE, COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING:
DIRECTION: West
SPEED: 120
DID YOU STOP ANY TIME WHILE OBSERVING THE PHENOMENON? [NO checked]

DESCRIBE TYPE OF VEHICLE YOU WERE IN AND TYPE OF ROAD, TERRAIN OR BODY OF WATER YOU TRAVERSED DURING THE SIGHTING:
Beach Cush

HOW MUCH OTHER TRAFFIC WAS THERE?
None

DID YOU NOTICE ANY AIRPLANES? [NO checked]
SKY: Clear with 1 stream in distant east

LENGTH OF TIME: 20 min. Cost
HOW WAS TIME DETERMINED: Watch

WAS THE PHENOMENON IN SIGHT CONTINUOUSLY? [NO checked]

PAGE 3 OF 3 PAGES


- page 33 -

and they seemed very sincere and a little bit shook up about the incident.

They had it under observation for quite a long time and at one time they had two under observation; one went straight up and disappeared, the other one was out in front of them, bobbing and weaving around, changing altitude, setting motionless out in front of them; it would veer off from them and go out a pretty good piece and stop. They had some passengers aboard but unfortunately, these people had their cabin lights on and were reading and weren't aware at the time of the object. Even down in the approach where I think they were at 3500 feet, they still had it in the approach area down at Palm Beach. We got some height finder readings on it; we had some printouts. I don't know if these were forwarded to Col. Quintanilli or not. I think they were.

H Let's see. I can tell you; he sent me the whole dossier on it.
First of all, here's the letter to me. It is "Reference the attached UFO report from Florida which occurred on 15 September 1968. Request you evaluate this case and make your comments on the attached Project Record Card.
If you need additional information on the sighting, please obtain it.
However, we want transcripts" etc. "Request this information on or before 30 November 1968." Then I have the regular form 80-17 here, which isn't too helpful. There is some mixup; on the radar it indicated they had some object following them, and yet the sightings all seem to have to do with things that were in front of them.

** This is what happened. They went from Miami Center Control and we had a radar pickup on the object immediately behind, say 2 to 3 miles behind


- page 34 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

10. IF THERE WERE MORE THAN ONE PHENOMENON, HOW MANY WERE THERE? DRAW A PICTURE TO SHOW HOW THEY WERE ARRANGED. DID THIS ARRANGEMENT CHANGE DURING THE SIGHTING?
First Light was Green. When it departed to the South Another Cubite Light

over Ocala Fla. Appeared to Hover, We were still very hdg NW at NW of Ocala. Object was Est. AT 5000'. Moved directly Toward US.

11. [Conditions section with various weather and sky conditions checked]

A. SKY
[X] TWILIGHT
[X] NIGHT
[X] CLEAR

B. WEATHER
[Cumulus Clouds and other weather conditions listed]

C. IF THE SIGHTING WAS AT TWILIGHT OR NIGHT, WHAT DID YOU NOTICE ABOUT THE STARS AND MOON?
[Various moon and star visibility options marked]

D. IF SIGHTING WAS IN DAYLIGHT, WAS THE SUN VISIBLE? [Marked as NO]

E. SOURCE OF ILLUMINATION [Section left blank]

12. GIVE A BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE PHENOMENON, INDICATING WHETHER IT APPEARED DARK OR LIGHT, WHETHER IT REFLECTED LIGHT OR WAS SELF-LUMINOUS AND WHAT COLORS YOU NOTICED, DESCRIBE YOUR IMPRESSION OF WHETHER IT APPEARED AS A SOLID OBJECT OR TRANSPARENT, WHETHER EDGES WERE SHARP OR FUZZY, INDICATE COMPARISONS WITH OTHER OBSERVED OBJECTS, LIKE STARS, A LIGHT OR A CLOUD:

First Object Over Water. No Lights on Surface.

PAGE 4 OF 9 PAGES


- page 35 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(Cl)

13. DID THE PHENOMENON
- Move in a straight line?
- Stand still, at anytime?
- Suddenly speed up and run away?
- Break up in parts and explode?
- Change color?
- Give off smoke?
- Change brightness?
- Change shape?
- Flash or flicker?
- Disappear and reappear?
- Spin like a top?
- Make a noise?
- Flutter or wobble?

14. WHAT DREW YOUR ATTENTION TO THE PHENOMENON?
First Thought it to be student Jet Practice.
We were on Inst. Flt. Plan & Asked Jacksonville
Center if he observed Target At 12:00 position
He did Not.

A. HOW DID IT FINALLY DISAPPEAR?
Climbing South 4

B. DID THE PHENOMENON MOVE BEHIND OR IN FRONT OF SOMETHING, LIKE A CLOUD, TREE, OR BUILDING AT ANY TIME?
[No box checked]

PAGE 5 OF 9 PAGES


- page 36 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

15. DRAW A PICTURE THAT WILL SHOW THE SHAPE OF THE PHENOMENON. INCLUDE AND LABEL, ANY DETAILS THAT MIGHT HAVE APPEARED AS WITH PHOTRUSION, AND INDICATE EXHAUST OR VAPOR TRAILS. INDICATE BY AN ARROW THE DIRECTION THE PHENOMENON WAS MOVING.

Light only. Night was Dark

16. WHAT WAS THE ANGULAR SIZE? HOLD A MATCH AT ARM'S LENGTH IN FRONT OF A KNOWN OBJECT, SUCH AS A STREET LAMP OR THE MOON. NOTE HOW MUCH OF THE OBJECT IS COVERED BY THE HEAD OF THE MATCH. NOW IF YOU HAD BEEN LOOKING AT THE PHENOMENON, ESTIMATE WHAT FRACTION OF THE PHENOMENON WOULD HAVE BEEN COVERED BY THE MATCH HEAD.

Size of Aircraft Landing Light Viewed
From about 5 miles

PAGE 6 OF 9 PAGES


- page 37 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

17. DID YOU OBSERVE THE PHENOMENON THROUGH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING? INCLUDE INFORMATION ON MODEL, TYPE, FILTER, LENS PRESCRIPTION OR OTHER APPLICABLE DATA:

[Checkboxes for:
- EYEGLASSES
- SUNGLASSES (checked)
- WINDSHIELD (checked)
- SIDE WINDOW OF VEHICLE (checked)
- WINDOW PANE

Columns for:
- CAMERA VIEWER
- BINOCULARS
- TELESCOPE
- THEOLODITE
- OTHER]

18. DO YOU ORDINARILY WEAR GLASSES? ☐YES ☒NO

19. WHAT WAS YOUR IMPRESSION OF THE SPEED OF THE PHENOMENON? GIVE ESTIMATE OF SPEED: 

20. IN ORDER THAT WE MAY OBTAIN AS CLEAR A PICTURE AS POSSIBLE OF WHAT YOU SAW, DESCRIBE IN YOUR OWN WORDS A COMMON OBJECT OR OBJECTS WHICH, WHEN PLACED IN THE SKY, SIMILAR TO WHAT YOU NOTED THE PHENOMENON, WOULD BEAR SOME RESEMBLANCE TO WHAT YOU SAW. DESCRIBE SIMILARITIES AND DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE COMMON OBJECT AND WHAT YOU SAW:
see 16

21. DID YOU NOTICE ANY ODOR, NOISE, OR HEAT EMANATING FROM THE PHENOMENON OR ANY EFFECT ON YOURSELF:
☐YES ☒NO

A. DID THE PHENOMENON DISTURB THE GROUND OR LEAVE ANY PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: ☐YES ☒NO
If "YES", DESCRIBE: Unknown

PAGE 7 OF 9 PAGES


- page 38 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

LOCATION: 
Ocala Marine Base, Yuma, Ariz. 10:00 AM About 3yrs Ago. Assumed 
it to be Jets Doing Night Maneuvers. Did Not Report.

Plano, Texas

Garland Tex 75000

Pilot, Formerly Aircraft Dealer
Now Missionary Pilot

NAME: Jacksonville Center   DAY 15   MONTH Sept   YEAR 68

DATE YOU COMPLETED THIS QUESTIONNAIRE:
DAY 8   MONTH Oct   YEAR 68

PAGE 8 OF 9 PAGES


- page 39 -

Here is the text from the document:

AFR 80-17(C1)

[Top of form text]
37. INFORMATION WHICH YOU FEEL IS PERTINENT BUT WHICH IS NOT ADEQUATELY COVERED IN THIS QUESTIONNAIRE, ALTERNATIVELY PROVIDE A NARRATIVE EXPLANATION OF THE SIGHTING.

[Handwritten text on map/diagram]
W 470
1st sighting
Gainsville
Fla.
H.O.
1st object south
Reported to
2nd object
came
Toward us
on
Collision
Course
& then
Veered
West of 412

[Narrative text at bottom of page]
Miami Center reported a target following aircraft approx 10 DME N/W of West Palm Beach. I Turned AT Their Request But Could Not Positively Identify Anything. One Light Was Larger Than Others in the Area & Appeared To Descend When We Turned, But This Cannot Be Definite as I Did Not Break The 360° Turn

[Bottom of page]
PAGE 9 OF 9 PAGES


- page 40 -

TDPT (UFO) Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/mbs/4 Oct 68
UFO Sighting, 15 September 1968

Garland, Texas 75040                Plano, Texas 75074

The information that we have received on your unidentified flying object (UFO) sighting of 15 September 1968 is very sketchy. We are inclosing three AF Form 117 since it appears that you observed the object three different times. We would appreciate it if you would complete these forms, along with any narrative statements that you would care to make, and return them to us in the self-addressed envelope.

VICTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
AF Form 117 (3 cys)
w/self-addressed envelope

7 OCT 1968

15 Sept 68


- page 41 -

CITY OF OCALA
FLORIDA
32670
OFFICE OF THE
CHIEF OF POLICE

October 14, 1968

POST OFFICE BOX 1270

Lt. Colonel Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Department of the Air Force
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate
Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Ohio 45433

Dear Sir:

We have checked our complaints and find no record of a
report on an unidentified flying object on the evening
of September 15, 1968.

If we can be of further assistance, please let us know.

Yours truly,
(Mrs.) Joanne Cormier
Secretary to Chief Alvarez

:jc


- page 42 -

HJPT (UFO) Lt Col Quintanilla/70916/msa/4 Oct 68
UFO Observation, 15 September 1963

Ocala City Police Department
Ocala, Florida 32670

1. The Aerial Phenomena Office is in receipt of an unidentified flying object (UFO) report from a pilot who was flying near Ocala, Florida, sometime between 9:30 and 10:00 pm, EDT, on the evening of 15 September 1968.

2. The pilot reported that he was flying southeast at about 9000 ft when he sighted a large white light that seemed to be hovering over Ocala. The light then headed straight for his plane, turned due west about a mile in front of him, and when last observed, appeared to be on the ground just west of Ocala.

3. Did you receive any similar complaints for the night of the 15th? We would appreciate your comments as to a possible cause for this sighting.

4. Thank you for your assistance on this matter.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr, Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technological Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
Self-addressed envelope

Handwritten notes at top of document:
15 Sept 68
7 OCT 1968


- page 43 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 306TH BOMBARDMENT WING (SAC)
McCOY AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA 32812

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DCOI                                                                   25 Sep 1968

SUBJECT: UFO

TO: FTD (TDETR)

1. At approximately 0055Z, 16 September 1968, Lt Colonel Crandall, Chief Intelligence Division, Wing UFO Officer, received a call from the 306 Bomb Wing Command Post, stating they were in contact with Miami Center and that a civilian aircraft, N36N, had reported sighting a UFO in the vicinity of Cross City, Florida, at 0031Z hours. Lt Colonel Crandall was "patched in" to Miami Center and requested the center to contact the aircraft again for further information. At this time, approximately 0105Z, Miami Center reported that the UFO was no longer in sight and the reporting aircraft was proceeding on to destination. Miami Center stated that neither they nor Jacksonville Center had picked up any UFO's on their radar. No other reports of UFO sightings were received by this office.

2. On 17 September 1968, Lt Colonel Crandall was contacted on the telephone by Captain Harlan H. Heimbach, Senior Director, 32 Air Division (SAGE), Gunter AFB, Alabama. Captain Heimbach stated he had some information on a reported UFO sighting on 16 Sep 68. He was contacting McCoy because the reported sighting occurred in the area of McCoy AFB. During the conversation it was determined that this was the same sighting and reporting aircraft that Miami Center had referred to the 306 Bomb Wing Command Post the night before. Lt Colonel Crandall requested Captain Heimbach to furnish all information he might have on the sighting. Captain Heimbach stated that he had recorded the conversation between him and the pilot of the reporting aircraft and would replay it for Lt Colonel Crandall. However, because the tape was practically inaudible on the telephone, Captain Heimbach consented to transcribe the taped conversation and send it to Lt Colonel Crandall. Attached is letter from Captain Heimbach and transcript of conversation with pilots making the report of the sighting.

3. Presence of sighted object is not explainable by this office.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
WALTER A. CARTER JR., Colonel, USAF
Deputy Commander for Operations

2 Atch
1. Ltr. UFO (Capt Heimbach)
2. Transcript for UFO

Cy to: U. of Colorado (Dr. Condon)

Peace . . . is our Profession


- page 44 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

them. We didn't have any idea of what this could be so we tried to get them
through Center and they had already transferred over to the approach
frequency, so we got hold of approach control at Palm Beach and told them
that this aircraft had sighted a UFO and asked them if they saw anything
in the vicinity of the aircraft, and if so, what it was. They said they
had nothing in sight. We asked the approach control man to have the air-
craft turn 360 degrees, turn a circle, and observe in his rear position to
see if there was anything near him. Approach told him to turn; he made a
turn in the approach pattern, made a circular turn, and did observe the
UFO out behind him.

H    So this then... would you then consider this a confirmed simultaneous
visual-radar observation.

**   Yes sir, we had him on radar.

H    So you had both _____ and this object. When he saw him in front of
him it was because he had made this circle.

**   On the last contact. Now before, wherever he was up higher in altitude--
I think it was around 9,000 feet--he had this UFO out in front of him, and
it would go off to the side and set motionless; it would come straight in
at him and veer off away from him; they said it was extremely high speed
and changed altitude, and everything. After that they lost contact with him;
they didn't see him anymore.

The page is numbered "3" in the top right corner.


- page 45 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 320 AIR DIVISION (ADC)
GUNTER AIR FORCE BASE, ALABAMA 36114

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 320CC                                                                   18 September 1968

SUBJECT: UFO 0031Z - 0210Z, 16 September 1968

TO: Lt Col Crandall
     DCOI
     306 Bomb Wg
     McCoy AFB FL 32812

1. Jacksonville Center (ARTCC) Watch Supervisor (Mr. Craven) telephoned the Senior Director, 32nd Air Division (ADC), of a UFO sighting at 00562, 16 September 1968. JAX Center had radio contact with twin beech aircraft N63H that had reported UFO contact at 0031Z 25 miles SE of Cross City, Fla. Pilot was Mr. _______ co-pilot was Mr. _______, from Garland, Texas. Telephone number, _______.

First sighting was 25 miles SE of Cross City and last sighting was 22 miles north of Palm Beach. Object was a large, pale green light, with no apparent shape or size. Object was doing acrobatics, changing altitudes rapidly, making 90° turns and staying stationary for short periods of time.

2. At one time, the pilot reported seeing two objects. One object disappeared going straight up and wasn't sighted again.

3. On approach to Palm Beach, altitude 3500 feet, the pilot was requested to make a 360° turn to see if UFO was still with him. Pilot saw object at approximately 1000 feet, climbing at a high rate of speed, veered off to the left, descended rapidly toward the ground and disappeared.

4. Transcript of conversation with pilot is attached.

HARLEN H. HEIMBACH, Capt, USAF
Senior Director, 32nd Air Division (SAGE)

1 Atch
Transcript

[Remainder of document contains redacted/blacked out sections and signatures]


- page 46 -

Transcript for UFO

Pilot -
Co-Pilot -
Garland, Texas - Telephone

First sighting was between Tyndall AFB and Cross City, Fla.

Mr. - A pale green light with intermittent flashes, a large light, much larger, or more like an airport beacon, only it wasn't nearly that green. It looked like something flicked in front of the light once every 2 seconds; just a flicker. But we still thought it was a jet. It was doing loops out there, going straight up and straight down. The object stayed right in front, occasionally veering off to one side and then to the other. We followed him. Jacksonville Center couldn't pick it up on radar. We followed him until we were almost to Ocala, and he disappeared off into the sky on a heading of something like 200° and then as we approached Ocala there was an object, at first it was a white light. It was hanging right over Ocala just as we finished reporting the other one this one came right at us. We were on a collision course. I would say he missed us about 1 mile. He came straight at us at an angle. We were about 15 miles out of Ocala still on a heading of 120. This object came straight at us in a climb attitude then turned right in front of us to the west. He went out about 15 miles west of Ocala and just hung there at an altitude, well we were at an altitude of 9000, I would guess that he was probably 6000 or 7000 ft. We saw him move several times but when we last sighted him, it looked like he was sitting on the ground just west of Ocala.

Capt Heimbach - We had a height finder on you and were tracking you and there was an object behind you for quite awhile northwest of Palm Beach. I don't know exactly how far. We had numerous height finder checks on you; also an object less than 1 mile behind you.

Mr. - We turned and saw what appeared to be the same white light as we saw over Ocala, in a steep turn. When we saw it, it looked like it descended rather rapidly. I would definitely not try to identify it.

Capt Heimbach - What do you think it was?

Mr. - I don't know. It was not a jet. Jet aircraft can't make these sharp turns.

Capt Heimbach - Everytime you saw it, it was making steep turns?

Mr. - No, it would hover and then it would proceed on course exactly the same way we were going, ahead of us; then it would go straight up, over the top, or straight down.

Blk 2


- page 47 -

Capt Heimbach - Was there turbulent or severe weather or lightning in the area.

Mr. - Lightning was off to the east from us. That is the reason we were tying to the south, down the eastern edge of the water zone instead of going to Cross City. After the first object went off to the south, the 2nd object was almost in perfectly clear weather.

Capt Heimbach - Do you live in the Palm Beach area?

Mr. - No, I live in Garland, Texas.

Capt Heimbach - How long will you be in that area?

Mr. - We are leaving in the morning.

Mr. - Co-Pilot
This thing came as straight at us as it could come. I thought we were close to the warning zone (W470) and caught a side winder. I was ready to meet the Lord, it didn't make any difference, but it sure scared me. You know that thing looked like it was doing 2 to 3 thousand miles an hour. To the best of my judgment it would make complete left turns or right turns just a straight turn, just as straight as it could. It wouldn't make a roll out. I have flown over 3000 hours in 3 years myself and there is not any jets that could fly like this. You don't have them that will go straight up and down like this was doing and then hover within seconds. Seems like it would put on brakes and then hover.

2


- page 48 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

DD FORM 95
(Bottom of form)

In the "Remarks" section, there is handwritten text that appears to say:
"Controlled and so decided that did not change at was am willing. That this can certainly contain and..."

(The rest of the handwritten text is partially illegible)

The form appears to be a routing slip with blank sections for "TO", "ACTION", and other administrative details.

At the bottom of the form, it states: "DD FORM 95 1 OCT 60 Replaces DD Form 14, 1 Feb 55, and DD Form 63, which will be used until exhausted."


- page 49 -

5 SEP 1968
Albuquerque, NM

05 SEP 68
Alie Jimmy R. Murphy
(Name & Telephone No. of Individual
Receiving Rept)

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS (UFO) - Outline of Reporting Format

a. Description of the Object(s):
(1) Shape: ROUND IN NATURE

(2) Size compared to a known object: FROM NAKED EYE LOOKED SOMETHING LIKE A STAR

(3) Color: A GREEN GLOW WITH A RED FLASH

(4) Number: 1

(5) Formation, if more than one: NONE

(6) Any discernible features or details: VERY SLOW AND A RED FLASH ONCE TRAIL

(7) Tail, trail, or exhaust, including its size: [blank]

(8) Sound: NO SOUND

(9) Other pertinent or unusual features: NEGATIVE

b. Description of Course of Object(s):
(1) What first called the attention of observer(s) to the objects: IN NW AREA OF ALBUQUERQUE AND FLICKERING

(2) Angle of elevation and azimuth of object(s) when first observed: [blank]
(Use theodolite or compass measurements, if possible.)


- page 50 -

Here is the text from the document:

(3) Angle of elevation of object(s) upon disappearance. (Use theodolite or compass measurement if possible.)

(4) Description of flight path and maneuvers of object(s). (Use elevations and azimuth, not altitude.)

(5) How did the object(s) disappear? (Instantaneously to the North, for example.)

(6) How long were the object(s) visible? (Be specific--5 minutes, 1 hour, etc.)
30 MINS.

c. Manner of Observation:
(1) Use one or any combination of the following items: Ground-visual, air-visual, ground-electronic, air-electronic. (If electronic, specify type of radar.)

(2) Statement as to optical aids (Telescopes, binoculars, etc.)
NONE

(3) If the sighting occurred while airborne, give type of aircraft, identification number, altitude, heading, speed, and home station.

d. Time and Date of Sighting:
(1) Greenwich date-time group of sighting and local time.
0500z 2300 LCL

2


- page 51 -

Here is the text from the document:

(2) Light conditions (use one of the following terms: Night, day, dawn, dusk.) NIGHT

e. Location of Observer(s). Give exact latitude and longitude coordinates of each observer, and/or geographical position. In electrical reports, give a position with reference to a known landmark in addition to the coordinates. For example, use "2 Mi N of Deville"; "3 mi SW of Blue Lake," to preclude errors due to teletype garbling of figures. N.E.

f. Identifying Information on Observer(s):
(1) Civilian -- Name, age, mailing address, occupation, education and estimate of reliability.

(2) Military -- Name, grade, organization, duty, and estimate of reliability. Sgt. M.J. Elliot 299-9319

g. Weather and Winds-Aloft Conditions at Time and Place of Sightings:
(1) Observer(s) account of weather conditions WN LIMITED GOOD WEATHER, WN RESTRICTED.

(2) Report from nearest AWS or US Weather Bureau Office of wind direction and velocity in degrees and knots at surface 6,000', 10,000', 16,000', 20,000', 30,000', 50,000', and 80,000' if available. 160 AT 10 KTS.

(3) Ceiling NONE

(4) Visibility UNLIMITED

(5) Amount of cloud cover CLEAR

3


- page 52 -

Here is the text from the document:

(6) Thunderstorms in area and quadrant in which located.
EA57 OF M75

(7) Vertical temperature gradient.

h. Any other unusual activity or condition, meteorological, astronomical, or otherwise, that might account for the sighting.

i. Interception or identification action taken (such action is authorized whenever feasible and in compliance with existing air defense directives).

j. Location, approximate altitude, and general direction of flight of any air traffic or balloon releases in the area that might possibly account for the sighting.

k. Position title and comments of the preparing officer, including his preliminary analysis of the possible cause of the sighting(s).

4


- page 53 -

16 - 30 SEPTEMBER 1968 SIGHTINGS

DATE    LOCATION                   OBSERVER                EVALUATION

17      Nellis AFB, Nevada                                 Balloon
18      Silver Springs, Maryland                           Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
19      Dayton, Ohio                                       Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
20 or 30 Waynesboro, Pennsylvania                          Aircraft
20      Ewa Beach, Hawaii                                  Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
21      Boothbay Harbor, Maine                             Astro (ARCTURUS)
24      Greenville, New York                               Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
25      Near Santa Barbara, California                     Insufficient Data
25      Winston-Salem, North Carolina                      Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
27      Presque Isle, Maine                                Insufficient Data
27      Morgantown, West Virginia                          Other (CONFLICTING DATA)
27      Cincinnati, Ohio                                   Insufficient Data
27      Dayton, Ohio                                       Balloon
29      Milwaukee, Oregon                                  Balloon
29      Staten Island, New York                            Insufficient Data
30      Memphis, Tennessee                                 Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)
1'      New York, N.Y.

ADDITIONAL REPORTED SIGHTINGS (NOT CASES)

DATE    LOCATION                   SOURCE                  EVALUATION

Sep 5   Penndel, Pennsylvania                              
5       Madrid, Spain                                      
13      La Jolla, California                               
23      Waterville, Maine                                  
25      Dayton, Ohio                                       
29      Victoria, British Columbia


- page 54 -

Here is the text from the document:

H    As I gather, the only thing he saw was a light, not an object.

**   Right, he saw the light.

H    I've forgotten now what color he described that. Did he describe color or changes of color, do you recollect?

**   It seems that there wasn't too much shape to it; it was larger than a beacon light, or something like this. I don't remember now just what color, but it seems that possibly once he mentioned a different color, but normally it seems like it was a pale white light, I believe.

H    Now, let me get this sequence straight, and check me on this. Who saw what first? There are two avenues of approach here. They saw something and almost simultaneously, or a little before that, did the radar pickup something following them?

***   No sir. We didn't have any radar pickup until quite a way down in the sequence.

H    I see. The time-motion sequence, then....perhaps you'd better tell me. What happened first?

**   To the best I can remember, first of all, they contacted the people that were controlling them. That probably would have been Jacksonville Center or somewhere down in there.


- page 55 -

Yes, because this report says Jacksonville Center, telephoned Senior Director (that was you)...

OK. Now the pilot had called Mr. [redacted] and reported seeing the object. I don't know what the time lapse was, three or four minutes, when the second one appeared. And then the second one was under observation for a very short time and it went straight up and out of sight and there was no more sighting on it. The other one, the one that they had closest and kept for a long time, was in fairly close to them occasionally and it would go off to the side and set motionless, and come out in front of them and dance around, bob around, and would go at about the same speed they were. Apparently this was three to five mile out, or so, and then they turned--they were, I think, going east at that time--and then they turned on a heading of about 150 to go down the peninsula of Florida. They continued to have observations of it on and off, and when they got under Miami Center Control they were still sighting it. They got on down and left Miami Center Control--this must have been 40 minutes or so later--and went over to the Approach Control in the Palm Beach area and this is when we had radar pickup out of Patrick Air Force Base.

The radar pickup was out of Patrick, then. I didn't get that before.

We didn't get any radar pickup from Cross City, Florida, or from Jacksonville, Florida. We never scrambled any aircraft to go out and try and get a visual on it.


- page 56 -

On their approach to Palm Beach they were heading essentially south, down the peninsula--southeast--and they were still seeing something in front of them.

On their approach to Palm Beach they hadn't seen it for--I don't know how long a period--apparently they weren't bothered by it after they went over to approach control there at Palm Beach.

So then the second phase of this occurred after Control at Palm Beach notified them that something was following them. And then they made this 360 degree----yes, it says here, "On approach to Palm Beach, the pilot was requested to make a 360 degree turn to see if the UFO was still with him." Then pilot saw object at approximately 1000 feet." Now that I wasn't clear, you see, where in what part of that 360 degree turn he saw it, and you confirm now that he did see the thing. What I was really puzzled about was whether what he saw was the same thing that the radar was apparently referring to.

Yes sir, the best that we could ever determine it was.

And there was only one object at this time?

Right. Now, one other point, after he left Jacksonville Center Control and went to Miami Center Control, we requested Miami Center to any aircraft he had under control--we gave him position report and everything of Mr. [redacted] aircraft; and there were aircraft within two to five or two to ten


- page 57 -

mile from the aircraft--and Miami Center requested them to visually look in the area where the aircraft was to see if they could see any lights or any UFO or anything possible in altitudes of around 5000 to 15000 feet; just take a normal look up there and see if they could see anything, and I imagine there were three to seven aircraft they requested to look out there and none of them saw anything.

H Now wh at does that really mean, I wonder. Here we had a radar return and we had a visual sighting, and yet they were the only ones who made the visual sighting.

** It seems that if this thing was still in there view, that someone else could see it. Now, we were never able to confirm the times or anything; they didn't keep an accurate time of when it was harassing them, or when it disappeared, when it wasn't observed, or anything like that, so we don't really know if these aircraft that were requested to look in that area would have seen anything.

H Now, the night was clear?

** Yes sir, it was a very good night. There were a few lightning flashes, I think, out to the southwest of them, over the central part of Florida. This was the only thing that would have been interfered.

H Now, the transcript of the tape--that was much earlier then. That refers to the first sighting between Tyndall and Cross City, and that was, would you say, about half an hour before the radar incident?


- page 58 -

