The image appears to contain a photographic report from Project Blue Book, which was a U.S. Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) from 1952 to 1969. The report states that unidentified objects were found in a photo of the moon. The report describes the "areal anomalies appearing on the imagery" as most probably a combination of debris and reflections within the optical system, but notes that the resolution level of the specific identification of the areas indicated by the source to be UFOs.

TEXT EXTRACTED FROM THE DOCUMENT:

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: Unknown
2. LOCATION: Joppatowne, Maryland
3. SOURCE: Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: Unknown
10. CONCLUSION: Other (Insufficient Clarity)
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Unidentified objects were found in a photo of the moon. The areal anomalies appearing on the imagery are most probably a combination of debris and reflections within the optical system. However, the resolution level of the imagery is too low to permit specific identification of the areas indicated by the source to be UFOs.

- page 1 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a typed document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program to study unidentified flying objects (UFOs). The document describes the analysis and findings related to a UFO observation made on April 22, 1969 in Joppatowne, Maryland.

The text of the document is as follows:

TDPT (UFO)
UFO Observation, 22 April 1969

Joppatowne, Maryland 21085

1. A photo-analysis of your photograph revealed the following information:

"Examination of the negative submitted to
Lieutenant Colonel Quintanilla by the source, shows
the image to be presumably be a photograph of the moon,
made with poor optics. The photo was taken with a
650 box camera, which produced a negative which was
so low in contrast and density as to be inadequate
to permit identification of the areas indicated by
the source to be lighted anomalies appearing
on the imagery. As most probably a combination of debris
and reflections within the optical system, however, with
the limited data available and the poor quality of the
conditions, it is impossible to attach any meaning or
cause to those anomalies."

2. We regret that your negative was lost shortly after the photo
analysis was made. We are returning your photo-print along with
a slide book and some selected (70) case summaries.

DOCTOR QUINTANILLA, JR., Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Directorate of Information
Production Directorate

- page 2 -

The image does not contain any photographs or images. It is a page from a Project Blue Book report on an unidentified flying object sighting in Joppatowne, Maryland on April 22, 1969.

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION Joppatowne, Maryland
DATE 22 April 1969
AF Negative
IR Negative
QUALITY Poor
1. PURPOSE: This report is in response to Work Order Number 69-108, submitted by the Office of Scientific Consultants, requesting analysis of a photograph purported to contain an unidentified flying object, taken at Joppatowne, Maryland, 22 April 1969.
2. ANALYSIS: Examination of the negative submitted to Lieutenant Colonel Quintanilla by the source shows that the image is probably due to a photographic error. The resolution is too low to permit identification of the areas indicated by the subject. The overall granularity of the negative is too low to permit identification of any combination of debris and reflections within the critical system, however, without further information on atmospheric and viewing conditions it is impossible to attach any meaning to the anomalies.
PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:
WILLIAM L. TURNER
Chief, Photo Analysis Branch
THOMAS E. DAVIS 
Intelligence Research Specialist
CHARLES E. CHAPIN
Photographic Technologist
APPROVED BY:
WILDER PRICE, JR.
CHIEF, Photo Exploitation Division

- page 3 -

There is no photograph present in this image. The image appears to be a scanned document from Project Blue Book, a United States Air Force program that investigated unidentified flying objects (UFOs) during the 1950s and 1960s.

The text in the document reads:

FTD WORK ORDER  
1. Description of Work: Attached photo analysis to be accomplished on the attached negative to determine what unidentified objects may be.  
22 Apr 69, Joppatowne, Maryland.  
Aircraft all checked out by analysis of film.

- page 4 -

The image does not contain any photograph. It appears to be a page from an old report document from Project Blue Book, specifically regarding a UFO observation on April 22, 1969 in Joppatowne, Maryland.

The text in the document is as follows:

TDPT (UFO)
UFO Observation, 22 April 1969 
Joppatowne, Maryland 21085
Reference your UFO Observation of 22 April 1969. The information that we received is insufficient for a scientific analysis. Request you complete the attached photo-data sheet and return it in the enclosed self-addressed envelope.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Col, USAF 
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch: 
Photo-Data Sheet

- page 5 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. There is no visible photograph or image included on this page. The text on the page appears to be a handwritten letter addressed to "Gentlemen:" expressing the writer's interest in astronomy and asking to receive some pictures that were mentioned. The writer also requests that the answer be mailed to them.

Gentlemen:
I am 14 years old and am very interested in astronomy. Well recently it mentioned on the news that you will send me some information on the planet Venus. I was wondering if you can send me some pictures that were taken on April 22, 1969-16" sun diameter telescope observation space) of the moon. In one picture I found this strange array of holes. Will you please send me the answer to this as soon as possible. 
Thank you very much.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph, it appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book report that provides photographic data and details about a camera used to capture an unidentified flying object.

PHOTOGRAPHIC DATA

1. Type and make of camera: UNKNOWN - Simple Box Camera

2. Type, focal length, and make of lens: UNKNOWN - Simple Box Camera

3. Brand and type of film: KODAK 120 

4. Shutter speed used: 1/25 SECOND

5. Lens opening used; that is, "f" stop: UNKNOWN

6. Filters used: NONE

7. Was tripod or solid stand used: UNKNOWN - HAND HELD

8. Was "panning" used: NO

9. Exact direction camera was pointing with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the ground: SOUTHWEST TO EAST - "SE TO E" 

10. If supplemental information is unobtainable, the minimum camera data required are the type of camera, make and largest "f" stop.

- page 7 -

