PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP: [illegible]
2. LOCATION: DAVENPORT, IOWA

10. CONCLUSION: Other (UNRELIABLE REPORT)

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: (1)

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: [blank]

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: [illegible]

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual

7. COURSE: Unknown

8. PHOTOS: 
   □ Yes (returned)
   □ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE:
   □ Yes
   □ No

Additional note at bottom: FTD KPRS 0-329 (TDE) [with text about previous versions being obsolete]


- page 1 -

Here is the text from the document:

(UFO)
UFO Observation of May 69

Davenport, Iowa 52803

Reference your letter postmarked 4 May 1969. Enclosed is your
negative for what we assume is an UFO sighting. This negative
was also being returned for the same reasons as given in our
letter of 12 May 1969.

DOCTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

20 MAY 1969

1 Atch
1 Negative


- page 2 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

(Circles)

(Original)

(Photographic)

Kinetic Bearing (plan view)
6.2°

With bearing of no course
near outside

The document appears to contain some hand-drawn sketches of what seem to be objects or diagrams, with some text annotations. Some text is partially obscured or illegible due to the image quality.


- page 3 -

Project Blue Book.

Hdqts Ramey Air Force Base,
O'hio, 45433.


- page 4 -

The text on the page is mostly illegible due to being handwritten and partially obscured. There is a hand-drawn sketch of what appears to be a UFO or flying saucer in the center of the page. Some text fragments are visible in circular annotations around the drawing, but the full text cannot be clearly read. The bottom of the page contains a horizontal line across the entire width of the document.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Illinois Section APRO and the Tri-State UFO Study Group*

New Officers for Tri-State Group

The Tri-State UFO Study Group met January 8, 1969, and elected officers for the year. The following were selected to be installed at the January 22nd meeting and will serve throughout 1969: Chairman, Robert Samuelson, Hannibal, Ill.; Vice Chairman, Robert G. Bybee, Quincy, Ill.; Secretary, Mrs. Mel (Grace) Oberling, Coatsburg, Ill.; Treasurer, Mrs. Carl (Judy) Tournear, Quincy; Director of Investigations, Ronald Whitley, Quincy; Publicity Chairman, Paul Sale, Hannibal, Mo.; Program Chairman, Mrs. E. J. (Anita) Lavery, Quincy; and SKYLOOK Reporter, Corby Jacobs, Palmyra, Mo.

Group to Hear "The Gordon Koehnke Story" Feb. 19

The Tri-State UFO Study Group will meet Wednesday, Feb. 19, 7:30 p.m. at the First Presbyterian Church in Quincy, Ill., to hear and discuss "The Gordon Koehnke Story".

The tape recorded interview with [redacted] made by Walt Andrus and Bob Smullin, Dec. 29, 1968, at Davenport, Ia., will be played so members can hear the story after which the group will try to arrive at a conclusion on the authenticity of the UFO photographs and the three different sightings reported. The photographs will be on display.

Miss Sandra J. Bess, Clinical Psychologist, for the Tri-State group, has analyzed the tape recording being made by Walt Andrus and will telephone calls and will give her opinion as to the character of the individual and the credibility of his sightings. Bob and Walt will state the conclusions following their personal interview with Gordon.

This case has also been under study by Dr. Allen Utke, Assistant Professor of Chemistry at Wisconsin State University (Oshkosh). Dr. Utke is an advisor and Consultant to Aerial Phenomena Research Organization of Tucson. Both Bob and Walt had the opportunity to compare notes and opinions with Dr. Utke in Rock Island, Ill., on Dec. 29 and their examination should prove very interesting.

Mark this speaking date on your February calendar, tell your friends of this opportunity to learn more about the UFO phenomena, and plan to attend.

Another Date to Check

Walt Andrus, co-chairman of the Illinois Section APRO, and a member of the Tri-State Group will speak on the subject of Ufology at the All-Center, 4 miles south of Mexico, Mo., Saturday night, March 1st, at 8 p.m. He will address the Great Rivers Council, Order of the Arrow, Boy Scouts.

A warm welcome to our pages from your SKYLOOK editor!


- page 6 -

