PROJECT 1073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
Dec 69 0925

2. LOCATION
Round Lake, Illinois

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient Data

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One (1)

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
20 minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
See Case

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

COMMENTS: The observer did not provide the date of the
observation.

7. COURSE
NOTE: The observer is 13 years old.

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No


- page 1 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

AFB 369(72)

[Top circular diagram appears to be a compass or directional diagram with cardinal and ordinal directions]

[Bottom left image shows a road scene with trees on both sides and a figure in the center of the road]

[Bottom right image appears to be a smaller, more abstract road or path view]

[Crossed Attachment] [U.S. Air Force]

830

The text in the body of the document is too small and blurry for me to reliably OCR. The page number "830" is clearly visible at the bottom of the page.


- page 2 -

4/23/02

I have only one motive
in finally breaking this
great incident on type:
simply to add one more
"witness" to the list
of those who have had
their eyes open, at the

night time and place
and yet so in my case,
to met here than very
eager & your own publicity
on make any further claims.
It finally dawned upon me
that it was really & simply
a future - and nothing else


- page 3 -

Here is the text from the document:

O the sun occurred that
... of the same nature,

I really think that
there are probably many
persons who have seen
such a phenomenon, but not
many of us make such
part much sense, deploying...

Note: Some words are partially illegible or cut off at the edges of the document, so I've transcribed what I could clearly read.


- page 4 -

The text I can clearly read is:

AIR MAIL

There is a postmark visible with some numbers/letters, but it is partially obscured.

There are some handwritten lines of text, but they are too faint or blurry for me to confidently transcribe. A portion of the document is also blacked out with what appears to be black marker or ink.

The document appears to be an envelope or official document with diagonal line patterns on the border.


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

Copy print An 7                                9/20/72 note Dear Sir:s

OFFICIAL U.S. AIR FORCE

9/20/72
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give will be used for research purposes. Your name will not be used in connection with any statement, conclusions, or publications without your permission. We request this personal information so that if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for further details.

1. When did you see the object?
57 58-59 ?
Day     Month     Year

2. Time of day: 1500 (approx)
Hours     Minutes     (Circle One) A.M. or P.M.

3. Time Zone: ?
(Circle One) a. Eastern
             b. Central
             c. Mountain
             d. Pacific
             e. Other

4. Where were you when you saw the object?
Plt West Silkee Reservoir Facility (at Silkee City) Utah
Nearest Postal Address                City or Town                 State or County

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)       2     30 (approx)
Hours     Minutes     Seconds
a. Certain    b. Fairly certain    c. Not very sure    d. Just a guess
5.1 How was time in sight determined? (Estimated)
5.2 Was object in sight continuously? Yes X    No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
DAY                                   NIGHT
a. Clear                              a. Bright
b. Cloudy                             b. Cloudy

7. If you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, where was the SUN located as you looked at the object?
(Circle One) a. In front of you    d. To your left
             b. In back of you     e. Overhead
             c. To your right      f. Don't remember

[The rest of the form continues with additional questions, but the text is cut off at the bottom of the page]


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

Dear Sir's: This I am sure is much too

FORCE UFO FORM                                                Page 2

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):                                8.2 MOON (Circle One):
    a. None                                                a. Bright moonlight
    b. A few                                               b. Dull moonlight
    c. Many                                                c. No moonlight-pitch dark
    d. Don't remember                                      d. Don't remember

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):                                   WEATHER (Circle One):
    a. Clear sky                                           d. Dry
    b. Hazy                                                e. Fog, mist, or light rain
    c. Scattered clouds                                    c. Moderate or heavy rain
    d. Thick or heavy clouds                               b. Snow
                                                            e. Don't remember

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)                      a. a glimmer of light with a
    a. Solid                                               b. I saw no shape or form of
    b. Transparent                                         c. Don't remember             if a reflection from the
    c. Vapor                                                                             sun nights.

11. If it appeared as a light, was it brighter than the brightest stars? (Circle One)
    a. Brighter                                            c. About the same
    b. Dimmer                                              d. Don't know

11.1 Compare brightness to some common object:
    About the same as the smallest of the brightest of the middle of the night or glare.

12. The edges of the object were: (Circle One)
    a. Fuzzy or blurred                                    c. Other:
    b. Like a bright star
    c. Sharply outlined
    d. Don't remember

13. Did the object:                                        (Circle One for each question)
    a. Appear or stand still at any time?                  Yes    No    Don't know
    b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?        Yes    No    Don't know
    c. Move up and down or explode?                        Yes    No    Don't know
    d. Give off smoke?                                     Yes    No    Don't know
    e. Change brightness?                                  Yes    No    Don't know
    f. Change shape?                                       Yes    No    Don't know
    g. Flash or flicker?                                   Yes    No    Don't know
    h. Disappear and reappear?                             Yes    No    Don't know

(Mostly) came after the sun was going down
    it did not seem to be a plane and
    was partially this/that.


- page 7 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form c
Page 3

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching? If so, how?
(Partially illegible text, but appears to include) "...it was 'melting'" (rest of text difficult to fully read)

15. Did the object move behind something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes   No✓   Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what
(Handwritten note: "N. clouds were visible")

16. Did the object move in front of something at any time, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One) Yes   No✓   Don't know.
If you answered YES, then tell what

17. Tell in a few words the following things about the object:
a. Sound: None - it was at least (seeming) 6-8 miles distant
b. Color: A glowing white (similar to the full moon's glow)

18. (Partially illegible text about holding a match stick at arm's length)

19. (Contains a hand-drawn sketch of an object with some accompanying notes, though details are not fully clear)

The rest of the document contains additional sections with questions about location, direction, and observations, but the text is difficult to fully transcribe with complete certainty.


- page 8 -

Here is the OCR text from the Air Force UFO form:

Page 3 / Page 4

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One) Yes No
If you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was? 6 - 8 mi. (approx)

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One)
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. At sea
f. Other (on the west of the town - self view)

23. Were you (Circle One)
a. In the business section of a city?
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other (standing on the way of house near the city)

24. If you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
24.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One) a. North e. South
b. Northeast f. Southwest
c. East g. West
d. Southeast h. Northwest

24.2 How fast were you moving? [blank]
24.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One) Yes No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses Yes No e. Binoculars Yes No
b. Sun glasses Yes No f. Telescope Yes No
c. Windshield Yes No g. Theodolite Yes No
d. Window glass Yes No h. Other [handwritten text partially illegible]

26. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, describe in your own words a common object or object, when placed up in the sky, would give the same appearance as the object which you saw:

A white foot ball or egg, with somewhat a glowing, offset - but at such a distance that one distinct has could be made out.

[Additional handwritten text at bottom of page, partially illegible]


- page 9 -

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form

27. [Instructions for marking height of object on curved lines and compass]

29. If there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there? TWO.
[Diagram showing two objects in formation]

Handwritten notes:
- "I was observing car and in exact line"
- Additional notes partially obscured

[The document contains diagrams showing object height, compass direction, and object movement, with spaces for detailed reporting of a UFO sighting]

The page appears to be page 5 of an official UFO reporting form with various sections for describing a UFO encounter.


- page 10 -

Here is the text from the document:

30. Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before. If so give date or dates and location.

NO.

31. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.1 If you answered YES, did they see the object? (Circle One) Yes No

31.2 Please list their names and addresses:
The person may companions did not see it but due to the place they were some distance from me. I could not get their names. Apparently they either were not at the time, or did not wish to tell their story or might have been distant. This is the nearest who was with me.

32. Please give the following information about yourself:
[Personal details blacked out]
AGE 48 SEX MALE

Indicate any additional information about yourself, including any special experience, which might be pertinent.

I am an artist and in the habit of observing carefully many things around me, in nature and in the sky. In order to get more exact like notes when I point or draw things. Also, I was in the Navy for over 3 1/2 yrs, and was a signalman aboard a submarine tender. I have special training in observation to watch many aircraft.

33. When and to whom did you report that you had seen the object?
(off at once to the Police Station in Park Ridge) 5 - 23 - 58 (2) I went there, then at first home.


- page 11 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Dec 69

Dear Sir

[Remainder of first line is illegible]

[Rest of the letter text is mostly illegible]

60373


- page 12 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

Official U.S. Air Force UFO form co[incomplete header]

14. Date you completed this questionnaire: 20 Dec 1972

15. Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific points of the questionnaire or a narrative explanation of your sighting:

[Handwritten text, partially transcribed below:]

I had been very skeptical about all the "flying" - I had heard about "flying saucers" - until this incident. Here was something related. In fact, I had no idea at all as to whom I should report about this more or less peculiar observation - because as the facts are given, then even nothing particularly distinct to present - no details could be given - nothing definite. I only then realized that what was seen could be put in "behavior" to some of the circumstances I had read about relating to others. Seeing this phenomenon. Thereupon I suddenly became vividly aware of the fact that there really were such objects - that really moved with a "fantastic velocity", and so quietly. So I then observed out a library book on the subject etc and became conversant with what others had experienced in this regard.

[Margin notes are partially illegible]


- page 13 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

In fact, the whole feeling that other would mostly consist now as another "cock pot", just one from doing out thing friction about the incident.

So all these years - 19 - just "put it out of my mind". Though a less just it out of my mind, I was somewhat to see that I myself have seen the "flying things" which people refer to as "flying saucers" (got most on that one occasion).

In fact too I had no reason to - whom to report such an inconvenient old I just recently came across this issue of Look Magazine; and thought I would go ahead - better late than never - and sketch in what I do actually remember of that incident. Nothing (on my word of honor) has been added or changed as to the exact fighting which I observed. I am sorry I cannot recall the exact dates or give the names of my friends who were with me. I had made several attempts at first time, I cannot remember.

Note: There is a "Page 3" notation in the top right corner of the document, and a portion of the text at the bottom is blacked out.


- page 14 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a very faint pencil or light sketch drawing with some curved and straight lines, but the details are extremely difficult to discern due to the low contrast and light nature of the markings.


- page 15 -

AFR 80-17(2)

[Most of the text in the form is illegible due to low resolution and blurriness]

Attachment 1
(Reverse Attachment 1, 12 AFR 80-17)

611


- page 16 -

The majority of the text in the document is illegible due to low image quality. The only clearly legible text is the page number "832" at the bottom of the page. The document appears to be a form or report with a grid-like structure, but the specific details cannot be discerned. There is some handwritten text in the lower portion of the document, but it is too blurry to read accurately.


- page 17 -

AFR 80-17(C)

Attachment 1

835

(Reverse Attachment 1 to AFR 80-17(C))


- page 18 -

AFR 80-17(C)

[Most of the text on the page is redacted or blacked out with black lines]

836

(Become Attachment 1 to AFR 80-17)


- page 19 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

A*M (header at top of page)

Attachment 1 (bottom of page)
(Inclosure Attachment 1 to AFR 190-13)

834

The rest of the text appears to be illegible or too blurry to read clearly. The page contains two hand-drawn sketches of what appear to be UFO or aircraft shapes, but I cannot make out any text within those sketches.


- page 20 -

AFR 80-17(C)

[A table with multiple columns is partially visible, but most text is not clearly legible]

[Handwritten text in the middle section, but it is mostly illegible due to poor image quality]

[At the bottom of the page]
Attachment 1
[Smaller text that is not fully clear]

833


- page 21 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

AFR 200-2(C)

[Top section contains form text that is partially illegible due to image quality]

[A hand-drawn sketch/map appears in the middle of the document with some handwritten labels like "UFO"]

[A bottom section contains a diagram with an angular measurement, labeled "Attachment 1"]

Page number at bottom: 829

Note: Much of the text in the top section of the form is too blurry to accurately transcribe.


- page 22 -

