PROJECT 1973 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
10 January 1969 13/01/22

2. LOCATION
Garwood, New Jersey

3. SOURCE
Civilian

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Two

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
5 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
See Case

8. PHOTOS
□ Yes
■ No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
□ Yes
■ No

1a. CONCLUSION
UNPALATABLE REPORT

Observer also has sightings for 30 October 1967 and
6 November 1967.

1b. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
See Case

FTD SEP 69 0-329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION

This questionnaire has been prepared by the USAF to secure as much information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomena that you have observed. Please try to answer all questions completely and accurately. The information that you give will be used only in connection with an official investigation of aerial phenomena. Your cooperation will be appreciated.

[The rest of the form contains various fields with some text/markings, but many are partially obscured or blacked out. Visible sections include:]

1. When did you see the object?

2. Time of day:

3. Place of observation:

4. Place where object was first seen:

5. How long was object in sight? (Total Duration)

5.1 Briefly describe
5.2 Was object or light maneuvering? Yes [checked] No

6. What was the condition of the sky?
Day [checked]
Night

7. If you were using Binoculars, etc., when was the last time you looked in the area?

[The form appears to be a standard U.S. Air Force UFO sighting report document from Project Blue Book]


- page 2 -

Page 3

8. If you saw the object at NIGHT, what did you notice? (Circle One)
8.1 Stars (Circle One):
a. None
b. Few
c. Many
d. Bright moonlight

8.2 Bright moonlight
a. Full moonlight
b. Part moonlight
c. No moonlight

9. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
CLOUDS (Circle One):
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds

WEATHER (Circle One):
a. Clear
b. Cloudy
c. Accumulus or hazy sun
d. Dust or smoke

10. The object appeared: (Circle One)
a. As a light
b. Don't remember

11. If a light, was it: (Circle One)
a. Brighter
b. Dimmer

a. Alone the stars
b. Don't know

11.1 Appears to generate its own shape: (Handwritten: "Solid")

12. The shape of the object was: (Circle One)
(Fuzzy or blurred)
a. Like a star
b. Disc
c. Round
d. Other

13. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still
b. Seem to move in a straight line
c. Seem to move in a curved line
d. Seem to move erratically
e. Seem to spin
f. Disappear suddenly
g. Other

(Columns for Yes, No, Don't know are present but not filled out)


- page 3 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

14. Did the object disappear while you were watching it? If yes, how?

[Handwritten response is partially illegible]

15. Did the object seem to be of something of any size, particularly at close range?
(Circle One)    Yes    NO    Don't Know.    If you answered YES, then tell size:

16. Did the object seem to be solid or transparent or of some indeterminate character?
(Circle One)    Yes    No    Don't Know.    If you answered YES, then tell size:

17. Tell us how nearly the following things about the object:
a. Sound
b. Color
c. Shape

18. We wish to know the people who saw the object. Tell us something about their character, how long they have lived in the community, whether they are considered responsible, whether they are sophisticated or simple, and whether this experience has upset them.

[Handwritten response appears to be "3/4"]

19. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object as it looked. Make a cross in the center of the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.

[Some additional handwritten notes at bottom of page]

Page number "4" is visible in the top right corner of the document.


- page 4 -

Here is the text from the document:

20. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

If yes, estimate YES, how fast? [Illegible response]

21. Do you think you can estimate how far away the object was?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

If yes, estimate YES, how far? [Illegible response]

22. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a city
c. Outdoors
d. In an airplane (type)
e. Other

23. Were the object(s) near or in a city?
a. In the residential section of a city?
b. Near a city
c. In a commercial section?
d. Flying over a city?
e. Other (type)

24. IF YOU WERE IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, check the following positions:
24.1 Was moving in:
a. North
b. East
c. South
24.2 How fast were you moving?
24.3 Did you stop or try to stop while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)    Yes    No

25. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses    Yes    No
b. Sun glasses   Yes    No
c. Windshield    Yes    No
d. Other

[At the bottom of the form, there is some handwritten text that is mostly illegible]


- page 5 -

Here is the text I can discern from the document:

Top of page (partially legible):
color-red, arm, people
then light down over sight out on
purple

Form fields:
30. [Have you ever seen this, or a similar object before?] NO

31. [Were you alone when you saw the object?] NO

32. [Please file this report] (partially obscured)

33. [Who did you show did you report this to?] NONE

34. [Date you completed this questionnaire] 12 - 20 - 69

35. [Information which you feel pertinent and which is not adequately covered in the specific parts of the questionnaire]
(partially legible text appears to read)
just over just and
hard to understand to tell
(rest of text is difficult to make out)

Most of the document appears to have personal information redacted with black markings.


- page 6 -

Here is the text I can read from the document:

Page 1

27. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" in the center to show where you are. The chart was taken from the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same level to show where you are. The chart will show the horizon line from your point of view. The chart will show the horizon line from the point of view of the compass.

28. Draw a picture that will show the size of the object as nearly wide. Place an "A" at the beginning of the drawing and "B" at the end. Draw a picture of the object as it appeared to you.

29. If there was MORE than ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged, and put an arrow to show the direction that they were traveling.

The rest of the text in the document is either partially illegible or too blurry to confidently transcribe.


- page 7 -

