PROJECT 1975 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
3/22/69
14/04:05

2. LOCATION
Benton, Illinois

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Probable (AIRCRAFT)
No evidence presented to indicate object could not have been aircraft. There are two airports within 20 miles of point of Observation.

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Several Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
N.S

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

FTD SEP 13 1329 (TDE) Previous editions of this form may be used.


- page 1 -

March 28, 1969

Dear Sir:

Ordinarily, if am a person who doesn't like to meddle into anyone else's business.

But, during the past month, I have witnessed two unusual UFO sightings, and have been informed of another.

I am not a steady believer in flying saucers, but I read a great deal on the subject and hold my own theories or tentative suggestions.

On the night of March 1, 1969, at approximately 8:00 p.m., I and his would near home near a heavily wooded river-bottom area. The man is a friend of my father's and he was very hesitant to relate any information about the sighting.

As the two people were driving along, the man glanced out his side window and saw a considerable sight. Pointing over a group of heavily wooded trees was a flying, elliptical shaped object. The man estimated the height of the object at about 150


- page 2 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(2)

just and said that it now. Probably about
a couple hundred yards into the woods.
The light given off by the object was
brighter than the town's light in the
distance. Our top and on bottom of the
object was a light yellow in color
with a row of dark area stretched
across the middle. I will make a
single diagram of the object as was done
cited to me. →

The man said the object, appeared
from where he saw it, as big as a westport. The man and
his son had already pulled over to the
side of the road to watch the object.

Suddenly, while the object had been
motionless with a pulsating light, it
took off at a fantastic rate of speed.
The object was out of sight altogether. The man said he
and his son were shaking from viewing
and flight. He was afraid to report the
sighting to authorities feeling silence.
"Now, after hearing of this sighting,
I was somewhat moved with curiosity.


- page 3 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(3)

Observed, not quite this night of March 13, at about 10:05' O.m., was my belief in flying saucers bolstered. I was visiting my aunt and my Cousin, who is a Professor at a university, was also in attendance. The day started being fairly and eventually, after about 15 minutes, I decided to look out the window to see what was the matter. Out just so happen that my aunt lives only about a mile from where the span and his boy saw their strange object. The window of looked out of was in the same direction as the river-bottom area. I and object in the distance, in the same vicinity of the other sighting. But, to the other object in the span and boy's sighting took off "goin" virtually at a point of view. I saw it was moving at a slow, leisurely rate of speed. It was white, the color and which Conger first sighted to a star in brilliance. It was just for about 1 minute, appeared a solid white. I was just getting ready to leave my window watching toward the


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(4)

object started me - its solid white light
suddenly changed into a blinking red light -
the object kept heading approximately in direction
and was about 10 to 15 degree above the
Eastern horizon. If called my aunt o cousin
to the window and both of them saw
it too - we watched it for about 2 minutes
now - if wouldn't have reported this sight-
ing unless of habit seen the final
undistorted fact. As the object traveled
afterward it suddenly and immediately changed
the direction and kind rapidly southward.
Now, if happen to know what no
airplane, helicopter, etc. can do this.
The sky was crystal clear and I checked
on weather inversions -- there weren't any.
As for as balloon are concerned, there
isn't any in our vicinity, and still
the balloon could do these feats because
there was no operable wind. Blunt o
still do not agree with apparent motion,
and satellites do not suddenly shift pro-
tein and move themselves.
of he stated to write Project
Bluebook after this sighting, my first of


- page 5 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

(5)

and unidentified flying object, but gradually
cut it off.

Back two nights ago, March 26, at
about 7:15' G.m., at my folks home, I
decided to go to the store to get something
to eat. I pulled out of our carport and
backed south on our gravel road. I looked
entered and couldn't believe my eyes.

There, about 30 degrees up in the sky, was
an object that would make the moon
jealous in brightness. Yet some bright
spotlight and like a steady light. I
stopped the car to observe the object and
notice if it was actually moving, it was.
It was heading Southwest and I started
the car with hope of somehow attempting
to follow the object. However, as it
made a curve directly, feeling the object
it vanished into thin air. It struck my
dim moment to see if the object was
a reflection from something -- it wasn't.

I know that Project Blue Book cannot
send anyone out to analyze, study, anything.
But, if this is not possible, I would
very deeply appreciate it if someone


- page 6 -

Here is the text from the document:

(6)

Could analyze my information and come up with a plausible answer. Briefly then, I will be greatly curious and perplexed as to the nature of these sightings. Please let me hear from you as to your analysis.

Sincerely,

62812

Airport at Marion Rt. 20 mi. South
Mt. Vernon Rt. 20 mi. North


- page 7 -

