PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
22 April 69 23/0310Z

2. SOURCE
Civilian

4. LOCATION
Ruston, La.

10. CONCLUSION
Probable (BALLOON)

3. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
SEE CASE FILE

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
11 - 17 Minutes

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual

7. COURSE
Not Reported

8. PHOTOS
[ ] Yes
[X] No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
[ ] Yes
[X] No

Description consistent with garment bag hot air balloon.

FORM
FTD SEP 83 0-329 (TDE)


- page 1 -

TTPI (UFO)
UFO Observation of 22 Apr 69

[Redacted Address]
Ruston, Louisiana 71271

The description that you have given us of your UFO sighting of 22 Apr 69 is similar to other reports we have had in the past 22 Apr 69 is similar to other reports (see attached description). Carport Gas, Hot Air Balloons (see attached description) in this matter.
Thank you for your interest and cooperation in this matter.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr., Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
Carport Gas Hot Air
Balloon Description


- page 2 -

Here is the text from the document:

May 2, 1969

Information Office
Barksdale AFB, La.

Dear Sir:

I wish to report an object I sighted in the evening sky and can not identify (a UFO). I would very much appreciate a reply identifying it (if identification is possible).

I sighted the object on the evening of April 22. I was up on the dormitory roof hoping to catch the planet Mercury after sunset. I was armed with 7-power binoculars and an 80-power, three inch, reflecting telescope. A cloud covering had managed to move in enough to hide Mercury from view. But I notice a very bright light in the Southwestern skys (about W-320-S, 10° up from the horizon at 9:10 pm CST). It was brighter than the brightest star Sirius. Using my binoculars, I saw that it was not one light, but two very close together! Using my telescope I saw this:

[A hand-drawn diagram of an object with annotations: "Four Darker (than the main body) Triangles" and "Very Bright Spots (Light)"]

Note:
When viewing an object through a telescope, it is naturally turned upside down. Although I viewed it with the small "light" on top, I drew it turned over for your convenience.


- page 3 -

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS 2ND BOMBARDMENT WING (SAC)
BARKSDALE AIR FORCE BASE, LOUISIANA 71110

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: DCOI-CI (Lt. Worthen 13369)                     8 May 1969

SUBJECT: UFO Report

TO:     FTD (TDETR)
        Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio 45433

Enclosed is a letter reporting the sighting of an Unidentified Flying
Object (UFO). Due to the considerable time lapse between the alleged
sighting and receipt of the reportee's letter, no formal investigation
was made.

FOR THE COMMANDER

[Signature]
PATRICIA A. WORTHEN, 2nd Lt., USAF
UFO Officer

Peace. . . is our Profession


- page 4 -

Here is the OCR text from the document:

-2-

The object did not appear to be tilted at any angle. A line drawn through the two large "lights" would have been parallel to the ground. The whole object was lighted as if from reflected sunlight (slightly yellow) except for the four trimmings in the center, which were slightly darker than the rest, and the two large and the third smaller "lights" which seemed to be self-luminous, brighter than the rest of the object and about the color of a car or wet car headlights (a yellowish color, but more yellow than the rest of the object). The object seemed to have no motion of its own. It seemed to only move by the earth rotating under it (the same way the sun and stars move). I watched it with just my unaided eye and binoculars for 10-15 min. And with the telescope for only 1-2 min. until the previously mentioned moving cloud layer hit it from view.

If it was a natural object, like a fantastically close double star, planet, comet, etc., it should have returned to approximately the same place at approximately the same time the next nights. For several nights since, I have checked the skies for its return; it has not.

I am a junior at the Louisiana Polytechnic Institute, on who's dormitory I saw the object. I am majoring in chemistry, but astronomy and astronautics are two of my hobbies. I have been using my telescope for over ten years, so I know that the object was not a double image nor out of focus or something (besides, seeing the two brighter lights in my binocular varieties that there was at least two lights). Also, it could not have been a double star, because my telescope cannot magnify a star that much unless the star was impossibly close. It could not have been the bright planets Venus, Mars, Jupiter, or Saturn, because I saw Mercury a few nights before, and it was much closer to the sun and less bright. It could not have been a satellite, because two planets get before the sun does. (For could it have been Mars or Jupiter, because dark areas not rise in the East until after 11:00 pm and Jupiter is only about 1/50 up from the eastern horizon around 7:00 pm. Since it did not move, it could not have been a satellite unless it was the type that stays in one place over the earth, but then it would have been on the nights afterward. You could say that it was an airplane and by flying straight towards me, I would be unable to see any wings. But I would have (and I did not) see the predominant red and green flashing wingtips. Comets, meteors, fireballs, swamp gas, electrical, astronomical causes, balls of static electricity, spots before my eyes, flying saucer-boats, and what ever else the anti-saucer groups can think up do not look anything like my object. Meteors, fireballs, etc. do not last for 10-15 min., nor do they stand still and last the earth roll like this did. I am sure since it was not


- page 5 -

Here is the text from the document:

automobile headlight reflections off air layers, because
of its brightness, nor for the same reason, do I think
it was light rather than off a small cloud. Weather balloons are generally "V" shaped not egg or ellipse shaped
as this was.

Now, can you tell me what it was or could logically have
been? If you have no explanation of the UFO, a letter
advising me of this will as well be accepted.

[Partially redacted text] swear in the name of God that to
the [rest of text redacted] all the above and preceding is
true and was as I described it.

Yours,
[Signature redacted]


- page 6 -

