PROJECT 10073 RECORD

1. DATE - TIME GROUP
Feb 1969    Unknown

2. LOCATION
Hamburg, New York

3. SOURCE
Civilian

10. CONCLUSION
Meteor : Light Source

4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
Unknown

5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
2 minutes

11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Observer was taking time exposures of night skies. When
negatives were developed, unknown light sources were present
on one negative.

6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Unknown

7. COURSE
Unknown

COMMENTS: Photo analysis determined the images to be
multiple exposures of flashing light source

8. PHOTOS
R Y**
G No

9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
G Y**
R No

FTD FORM
FTD SEP 61 G-29 (TDE)


- page 1 -

TDPF (UFO)

UFO Observation of February 1968

Hamburg, New York 14075

Reference your letter of 13 October 1969. Enclosed is the negative to your UFO sighting of February 1968. Photographic analysis of your negative revealed the following:

"Examination of the referenced photography revealed that the 'unidentified flying object', referred to by the photographer as 'lightning', is probably a result of a multiple exposure of a flashing light source. The erratic pattern displayed is probably caused by camera motion/vibration."

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr. Lt Colonel, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Office
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

1 Atch
Negative


- page 2 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph or diagram with abstract, curving lines and shapes, but no readable text is present.


- page 3 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph or diagram with abstract curved and angular lines against a dark background, resembling a technical or scientific illustration.


- page 4 -

No legible text is visible in this image. The page contains a black and white photographic image that appears to be somewhat blurry or low contrast, showing what seem to be curved lines and shapes, but the details are not clear enough to definitively describe.


- page 5 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph or diagram with abstract, curving white lines against a dark background, resembling some kind of technical or scientific illustration.


- page 6 -

There is no legible text on this page. The image appears to be a black and white photograph or diagram with abstract, curving lines and shapes against a grainy background, but no written text is visible.


- page 7 -

Hamburg, New York

Project BlueBook:

Dear Sirs:

I have often to you about the knowledge of Flying Saucers. In about the middle of February 1968 I unexpectedly caught a picture of a UFO on my picture. I am an amateur astronomer and like to take pictures of stars which are all time exposures. This one was taken at f/3.8 for about 2 minutes of some constellation which I do not remember. I would appreciate it if you could tell me approximately what it is. My theory is that it could be a lightning picture but if it is it's one of the most startling ever taken. To prove this there are as I forgot to mention earlier star trails on the negative. Thank You.

Inclosed are four enlargements and
one contact print.

Sincerely yours,


- page 8 -

SAF-OICC/Miss Turnure/T6526/Dec. 16, 1968

14 DEC 1968

Dear [redacted]

This replies to your letter postmarked December 14, 1968, in which you enclosed some photographic prints.

In order for us to evaluate a photograph, we must have the original negative (or original Polaroid print). If you care to send us the original negatives, we will have them analyzed. The following information will also be needed:

Type and make of camera
Type, focal length, and make of lens
Brand and type of film
Shutter speed used
Lens opening used, that is, "f" stop
Filter used, if any
Was tripod or solid stand used
Was "panning" used
Exact direction camera was pointed with relation to true North, and its angle with respect to the ground

If all of the above information is not available, minimum requirements are type of camera, and smallest and largest "f" stops and shutter speed readings of the camera.

The prints you sent us are enclosed.

Sincerely,

JAMES H. AIKMAN
Major, USAF
Chief, Civil Branch
Community Relations Division
Office of Information

Attachments

[Redacted] 14075

SAF-OICC

[Various administrative notations at bottom of page]


- page 9 -

Project BlueBook
Washington, D.C.

Dear Major Ailman:

In the letter which I sent you regarding the pictures I took of an unknown object I am returning the information which you requested for the investigation of that object. As you also requested the negative which I am sending to you in the good hopes that I will get it back undamaged from you. I would appreciate you sending the negative back as soon as possible because I treasure the negative very highly.

The type and make: Kodak Vigilant
Types, focal length, and make of lens: Kodak Anastigmat Lens 100mm.
Brand and type of film: Kodak 620
Shutter speed used: Time. 2 minutes or more.
Lens opening used: f/8.8
No filter was used.
Tripod: Kalmar F - 88
No panning was used.
Exact direction: This I am not very sure of but I recall where almost I took the picture. It was North East at about 120° but I cannot tell you how high the object was in the sky because I never saw it myself.

Enclosed is one negative and Thank you for your time.

Sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]

Date: December 27, 1968
Document Number: 14075


- page 10 -

FTD WORK ORDER

Date Issued: 17 Feb 1969

1. Description of Work: (Include title of unscheduled tasks.)
Request photo analysis be accomplished on the attached photograph to determine what the unidentified flying object may be.
February 1969, Hamburg, New York.

Request all material be returned upon completion of analysis.

[Various form fields are mostly blank, with some partially filled or illegible entries]

At bottom of form:
FORM
FTD JUN 68 13   Previous edition of this form is obsolete.

Copy No. 2

13 MAE 69
69-440


- page 11 -

Hamburg, New York 14075
March 14, 1969

SAF-OICC
HQ USAF
WASH DC

Dear Major Aikman:

On December 14, 1968 I sent you some photographs of something which I do not know. I received back a request of information that you wanted in regard to this photograph. This I sent immediately to your headquarters and I am still waiting for a reply. I said in this letter that I would like my negative back as soon as possible and I would appreciate this request most urgently as I need it. It has been almost 3 months since I have sent it and I have been wondering if something has happened to it. Please send it as soon as possible along with your reports if any. Thank you for your time and trouble.

Yours sincerely,

[Signature area is blacked out]


- page 12 -

TDPT (UFO)/Lt Marano/sac/24 Mar 69

UFO Observation, February 1968

Hamburg, New York 14075

Reference your UFO photograph of Feb 1968 from Hamburg, New York. Your negative has been submitted to our photographic department for analysis. However, they have not returned it yet with their findings. If you wish your negative returned immediately, please contact us and we will return it without the analysis. In either case, your negative will be returned to you intact and undamaged.

Thank you for your cooperation.

HECTOR QUINTANILLA, Jr, Lt Col, USAF
Chief, Aerial Phenomena Branch
Aerospace Technologies Division
Production Directorate

24 MAR 1969


- page 13 -

SAF-OICC
HQ USAF
TDPF ( UIO )

Subject: UFO observation, February 1968

Dear Sirs:

In December 1968 I sent you a photograph of a UFO which you were to have evaluated. I am now requesting that my original negative and possibly the results of the analysis be returned to me as I have need of them immediately. Thank you very much for your help in this matter.

Sincerely,

[Signature and name are redacted]

Date: Dec. 16, 1969
Page number: 4075


- page 14 -

UNCLASSIFIED

PHOTO ANALYSIS REPORT
NR 69-20                                                 PAGE 1 OF 1 PAGES
                                                          DATE OF REPORT 27 October 1969

SUBJECT         UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
LOCATION        Hamburg, New York                         DATE    February 1958

PHOTOGRAPHY
AF                                                        QUALITY    Poor
IR

P NRS           One negative, one print (5x7 enlargement)

1. PURPOSE: This report is in reply to Work Order 69-44 submitted by Lieutenant Colonel
Quintanilla, TEPP(UFO) requesting photo analysis be accomplished on a photograph of an
"unidentified flying object" to determine what the object may be. The photograph was taken
in Hamburg, New York in February 1958.

2. ANALYSIS: Examination of the referenced photography revealed that the "unidentified
flying object", referred to by the photographer as "lightning", is probably a result of a
multiple exposure of a flashing light source. The erratic pattern displayed is probably
caused by camera motion/vibration.

PHOTO ANALYSIS BY:                                       APPROVED BY:

JAMES R. SCHUIT                                          WILLIAM D. TURNER
Intelligence Research Specialist                         Chief, Photo Analysis Branch

THOMAS E. DAVIS                                          WILBER PRICE, JR.
Intelligence Research Specialist                         Chief, Photo Exploitation Division

G. E. CHAPIN
Photographic Technologist

UNCLASSIFIED


- page 15 -

