The image does not contain any photographs. It appears to be a page from a Project Blue Book record, which is a document from a U.S. Air Force investigation of unidentified flying objects.

Text from the document:

PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE - TIME GROUP: 1-20 Jan 67
2. LOCATION: Norfolk, Virginia
3. SOURCE: Multiple  
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS: One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: See Case
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION: Ground-Visual
7. COURSE: See Case
8. PHOTOS: None
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE: None
10. CONCLUSION: Possible AIRCRAFT
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS: Several observations of a moving and stationary bright light, similar to a search light.

- page 1 -

The image appears to be a page from an old UFO report document from Project Blue Book. The image shows a handwritten title "Gives Helicopter 24--hour Op" and a handwritten diagram or sketch below it. There is also some additional text in the right-hand portion of the image, describing the object shown in the sketch.

Transcription of the text in the image:

Gives Helicopter 24--hour Op

[Handwritten diagram/sketch]

Chemical Control Agent
Sea Turtles Cannot Detect
5000 Feet
 
Deliverance provided by unk
forces. This object was observed
by individuals in the vicinity of Norfolk, Va. Detailed information forthcoming. At this time
little is known about this
strange activity. Further
investigations underway.

- page 2 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a scanned page from a Project Blue Book document, specifically a letter from the Department of the Air Force regarding a UFO sighting report.

The text visible in the image is as follows:

DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
HEADQUARTERS AEROSPACE DEFENSE COMMAND
ENT AIR FORCE BASE, COLORADO 80912

REPLY TO
ATTN OF: 3AW

SUBJECT: UFO SIGHTING REPORT 

TO: CHIEF (CPIA UP 09) (CHAP-01)

The original report you forwarded has been received via mail and is forwarded for your information.

Marvin K. Battling
(Insp) LCAP, USAF
Deputy for SAFOI
Directorate of Special Investigations
Office of Special Investigations
SAF, USAF

- page 3 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a page from a UFO report document from Project Blue Book.

NAVAL COMMUNICATION STATION NORFOLK 
NORFOLK, VIRGINIA 23511

17 JAN 1969

FROM: Commanding Officer, Naval Communication Station Norfolk
TO: Commanding General, Headquarters NORAD, Attention NIRO, Ent Air Force Base, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80912

SUBJ: UFO sightings; report of

ENDS: (1) Statement of   dated 8 Jan 1969
      (2) Statement of YN3   -93 61 
      (3) Statement of R.   , died 10 Jan 1969

1. The enclosures (1), (2) and (3) are self-explanatory. The activity at which the sightings were reported is: The Naval Radio Transmitting Station, Driver, Virginia, a component of the Naval Communication Station Norfolk.

                               J. J. ZARBETT

- page 4 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten document.

Brief - incident that occurred on 5 j an 65

The sighting was observed on 5 Jan 65 shortly after dawn and lasted for about 4 5 minutes. The object was first observed at an estimated altitude of about 2000 feet and was traveling in a southwest to northeast direction at an estimated speed of over 500 mph. The object appeared to be approximately the size of a DC-7 aircraft and was disc-shaped with a bright silver color and a metallic appearance. It seemed to have a fuzzy or hazy outline. The object was observed by several individuals and there were no aircraft in the vicinity at the time of the sighting.

- page 5 -

There is no photograph present in this image. This appears to be a typed document or statement.

STATEMENT OF

On or about 1935, 10 January 1959 my wife and I were leaving our house to go to the shopping center in Portsmouth, Virginia. I happened to glance up at the sky and noticed that it was a very clear night and that all the stars were fairly visible. As I looked up in the general direction of the 300r, I noticed a strange light in the sky, which seemed to be hovering or moving very slowly. At first I thought that it might have been a white light on the top of the tower, however, on the top of the tower observation that it was not in the same area as the tower and that all lights were extinguished on Tower #5.

About the best description that I can derive of what I saw was an elongated light of the type used on aircraft, however, this particular light did not have any blinking or pulsating action, unlike the usual type of lights observed on aircraft. Also, it remained stationary and did not move like a helicopter, because it remained practically motionless, except for a slight swaying motion. The time of my second observation was about 2120, 10 January 1959. I reported my two sightings to the Naval Radio Station (D), Driver, Virginia.

- page 6 -

The image does not contain a photograph. It appears to be a handwritten letter or document.

5820 E. Undewood Drive
Today is Jan. 25
On this date there was a report on the observation of an unusual object in the sky which was observed for approximately 90 minutes over the Norfolk, Virginia area. The object was described as round in appearance, give off a yellow-white light and was estimated to be the size of a small airplane. The object was first observed at approximately 2055 hours and was observed continuously until approximately 2225 hours. The object appeared to be hovering over the area for the duration of the observation. At one point during the observation the object seem to pulsate or flicker its light. The witness stated that he observed the object through a pair of binoculars which gave him a clearer view of the object. As darkness fell the object began to fade from view and disappeared from sight. There were no other witnesses identified in the report but the investigator who spoke with the witness stated that he appeared to be a reliable and credible person.

- page 7 -

